Even that opportunity will not be available to the High Court if it is held that the State Legislature can enact the law of reservation and make it automatically applicable to the Judicial Service bypassing the High Court completely.
Perusal of the file shows that a counter affidavit was filed by respondent No. 2 under index dated 17. 05. 2000, wherein the impugned order dated 27. 10. 1999 was sought to be supported.
The decision in R v Spencer287 (2014) was related to informational privacy.
The further details of the chapter are not necessary for our purpose.
Apprehension, however, legitimate it may be, cannot override the justification of the project. Nobody on this earth can predict what would happen in future and to a larger extent we have to leave it to the destiny.
But once the justification test is satisfied, the apprehension test is bound to fail. Apprehension is something we anticipate with anxiety or fear, a fearful anticipation, which may vary from person to person.
Power generation through a nuclear plant set up after following all safety standards, rules and regulations, is for the welfare of the people and for the economic growth of the country, which is the object and purpose of the Atomic Energy Act.
In Umadevi (3) case [(2006) 4 SCC 1 : 2006 SCC (L&S) 753] this Court held that the courts are not expected to issue any direction for absorption/regularisation or permanent continuance of temporary, contractual, casual, daily wage or ad hoc employees.
Under the Mahomedan Law applicable in India, title to a mosque can be lost by adverse possession (See Mulla's Principles of Mahomedan Law, 19th Edn. by M. Hidayatullah - Section 217 and AIR 1940 PC 1.16).
The learned Judge of the Gujarat High Court relied upon the decision of the Supreme Court in E.V. Chinnaiah v. State of Andhra Pradesh [(2005) 1 SCC 394], to come to the conclusion that he did.
In a series of judgments commencing from E.P.Royappa v. State of T.N. [(1974) 4 SCC 3: 1974 SCC (L&S) 165], the orientation of this Court in dealing with Article 14 has been dynamic.
In paragraph 66 of Larsen & Toubro Ltd. (supra), it was observed that in Bharat Sanchar (supra), this Court reiterated what was stated earlier in Associated Cement Companies Ltd. vs. Commissioner of Customs (2001) 4 SCC 593 that ‘Dominant Nature Test’ has no application to a composite transaction covered by the Clauses of Article 366(29A).
Shri Hansaria submits that judgments of this Court in Assam Small Scale Industries Development Corp. Ltd. and others vs. J.D. Pharmaceuticals and another, (2005) 13 SCC 19, Shakti Tubes Ltd. vs. State of Bihar and others, (2009) 7 SCC 673, Modern Industries vs. Steel Authority of India Limited, (2010) 5 SCC 44, as well as judgment of this Court in Purbanchal Cables and Conductors Private Limited (supra) having held that Act has no applicability with regard to contracts entered into prior to enforcement of Act, the said law which is a settled law for a quite long time need not be unsettled by this Court.
Recently, in the cases of State of Madhya Pradesh vs. Bablu, (2014) 9 SCC 281 and State of Madhya Pradesh vs. Surendra Singh, 2014 (12) SCALE 672, after considering and following the earlier decisions, this Court reiterated the settled proposition of law that one of the prime objectives of criminal law is the imposition of adequate, just, proportionate punishment which commensurate with gravity, nature of crime and the manner in which the offence is committed.
High Court referred to the judgment of this Court in Fakhruddin v. State of M.P., AIR 1967 SC 1326, in support of this conclusion.
Pursuant to the judgment of this Court in Vishaka vs. State of Rajasthan, (1997) 6 SCC 241, international covenants to which India is a party are a part of domestic law unless they are contrary to a specific law in force.
The learned senior counsel placed reliance reported in Union of India & Ors. v. O. Chakradhar - (2002) 3 SCC 146, Krishan Yadav (supra) and Bharat Singh (supra) in support of his submissions.
He would further explain the term “manufacture” in context of the Act and draw support from the decisions of this Court in, inter alia, Sterling Foods v. State of Karnataka, (1986) 3 SCC 469 and CST v. Pio Food Packers, 1980 Supp SCC 174 and submit that that the essential feature of “manufacturing” is the utilization of original commodity and its transformation into a different commodity wherein the original article stands distinguished from the end product as an entirely different commodity and since the aforesaid is not the case herein, the process of transformation of cotton into surgical cotton would not be a manufacture for the levy of tax under the Act and therefore, the High Court has erroneously dismissed the case of appellants confirming the levy of tax on surgical cotton under the Act.
The first decision is the M/s. Patnaik and Company vs. State of Orissa reported in AIR 1965 SC 1655, wherein the principle stated by the High Court was affirmed by the Constitution Bench of this Court.
However, the decision of this Court in Union of India v. Dipak Mali 2010 (2) SCC 222 does not come to the succour of the Appellant since our inspection of the records produced in original have established that firstly, the decision to continue the suspension was carried out within the then prevailing period and secondly, that it was duly supported by elaborate reasoning.
The scope of Section 43D(2)(b) of UAP Act, 1967 has been examined recently by a three Judge Bench of this Court in State of Maharashtra Vs. Surendra Pundlik Gadling & Ors. 2019 SCC Online SC 188 and has not detained us any further.
He pointed out that in the said complaint, it was alleged by Mr. Pundir that he, his wife, his daughter Mrs. Neelam Bhatti and her husband Col. V.S. Bhatti meted out atrocious treatment thereby causing them mental 2 (2009) 2 SCC 570 3 1994 Supp (2) SCC 391 torture, humiliation and harrassment.
Thus, in whichever way may be viewed, whether as setting up the standards of “patentability or as an extension of the definition of “invention , it must be held that on the basis of the materials brought before this Court, the subject product, that is, the beta crystalline form of Imatinib Mesylate, fails the test of section 3(d), too, of the Act.
Consequently the 99th Amendment does not fall foul of the basic structure of the Constitution.
The decision supports the principle that the incurring of expenses for reconstruction and restoration of places of worship damaged in violence would not be in violation of Article 27 of the Constitution of India.
In the case of inventions – a) claiming substances intended for the use, or capable of being used, as food or as medicine or drug, or b) relating to substances prepared or produced by chemical processes (including alloys, optical glass, semi-conductors and inter-metallic compounds), no patent shall be granted in respect of claims for the substances themselves, but claims for the methods of processes of manufacture shall be patentable.
III) The demand of 10 sovereign gold ornaments by the appellant from the parents of deceased Shanthi had been revealed in the depositions of Sundaresh (PW.1), Manimaran (PW.2) and Sakkubai (PW.6).
In view of the above Scheme being offered, all the parties agree that: a) with the terms of the Scheme all liabilities of the Deposit Holders and Bond holders shall be deemed as fully discharged.
Be that as it may, even assuming that it was a plea in the statement recorded under CrPC that he had written the letters being pressurized by the police, the said stand does not deserve to be accepted on two grounds, namely, i) he had not made that allegation when the letters were shown to him by the Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate, PW-11, and in fact he had admitted the correctness of the letters and ii) that in the cross-examination of the witnesses barring a bald question to PW-12, nothing has been put with regard to the letters.
A-14) Confessional statement of A-14 under Section 15 of TADA has been recorded on 15.04.1993 (17:55 hrs.) and 17.04.1993 (19:30 hrs.) by Shri Krishan Lal Bishnoi (PW-193), the then DCP, Zone III, Bombay.
We do not have the sufficient time to dispose of the matter today, we think that, 1) all the individuals who seek to construct their houses within 2 ½ floors’ range as indicated in the judgment of this Court, they are liberty to file plans before the competent Authority.
Nuclear energy assumes as an important element in India’s energy mix for sustaining economic growth of natural and domestic use which in future has to replace a significant part of fossil fuel like coal, oil, gas etc.
Electricity is the heart and soul of modern life, a life meant not for the rich and famous alone but also for the poor and down trodden.
One of the terms of such agreement is that apart from common professional standards etc., the Indian affiliates shall harmonize their policies etc. with the global policies of the network.
This report is a collaborative effort by the International Centre for Research on Women and the World Bank and it deals with the impact of child marriages on (i) fertility and population growth; (ii) health, nutrition, and intimate partner violence; (iii) educational attainment; (iv) labour force participation, earnings and welfare, and (v) women’s decision-making and other impacts.
The hope and expiration became a visible mirage as the prosecutrix died on 29th December, 2012 at Mt. Elizabeth Hospital, Singapore.
There may be cases where a decision not to prosecute a case having political ramifications will be seen, rightly or wrongly, as politically motivated.
The whole nation felt a sense of pride as the people of this territory became part of the Indian Union along with Goa.
If the accused plays an active role in tarnishing the self-esteem and self-respect of the victim, which eventually draws the victim to commit suicide, the accused may be held guilty of abetment of suicide.
No. 8, Shri Ashish Srivastava filed an application seeking permission to withdraw his Vakalatnama.
In the present political scenario, the role of civil servants has become very complex and onerous.
Dealing with a representation is not exhaustive of the function of the EAC.
Provided that the provisions of this sub-section shall be applicable, in case of import or export of services or technology, only when the service or technology provider is availing benefits under the foreign trade policy or is dealing with specified services or specified technologies.
We herein set out the facts, in detail, to appreciate the issues involved in this appeal.
B.C. Harris (that was in relation to dispute between present plaintiffs and another tenant) in which Allahabad High Court has found the gift deed dated 31.05.1949 as valid and upheld the decree of ejectment of tenant in said case.
It cannot be said that land acquired is unutilised land, as a matter of fact, lot of development has taken place as there is encroachment made, as such, land could not have been utilised and by making unwarranted interference by the High Court, the acquisition was ordered to be quashed.
This election led to the great schism between the Sunnis and Shias.
To recognise the value of privacy as a constitutional entitlement and interest is not to fashion a new fundamental right by a process of amendment through judicial fiat.
Therefore, we also direct the Central Government to consider the petitioners' matter accordingly within seven days as framed by Hon'ble the Supreme Court.
A new sub-section (3) was added which provides for payment of compensation even in cases where the fine does not form part of the sentence imposed.
Therefore, the courts below have failed to take judicial notice of the same and the fact that the post of a driver is a skilled job.
Therefore, the courts below have failed to take judicial notice of the same and the fact that the post of a driver is a skilled job.
The petitioner was directed to submit a list of documents within five days and the Enquiry Officer also fixed a date for the appearance of the petitioner.
An error of law which is apparent on the face of the record can be corrected by a writ, but not an error of fact, however, grave it may appear to be.
An error of law which is apparent on the face of the record can be corrected by a writ, but not an error of fact, however, grave it may appear to be.
Remember that Science, Technology and Innovation is the key to progress and prosperity for our nation.
CVC, on 12.10.2009, had forwarded the enquiry report to that effect to the Directorate of CBI.
In a condolence message to Shri Ch. Vidyasagar Rao, the Governor of Tamil Nadu, the President has said, 'I am extremely sad to learn about the sad demise of Ms. Jayaram Jayalalithaa, Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu.
To the students here, I would emphasise that the time is not far when they will reap the full benefit of all these steps - and more - that Government of India is taking in the interest of their generation.
Sometimes it is used to impose for the purposes of a statute an artificial construction of a word or phrase that would not otherwise prevail.
Sometimes it is used to impose for the purposes of a statute an artificial construction of a word or phrase that would not otherwise prevail.
An ordinary individual can choose not to deal with any person.
Notwithstanding, the prolixity of our Constitution, a constitution is not expected or required to spell out every minute detail regarding administration of the State.
Zahoor Watali has also been verified and as per the expert report, his signature on the questioned document matches with his specimen handwriting as well as his admitted handwriting.
This essentially is the main relief which has been sought.
Apart from being a natural law right, the right to privacy was held to be a constitutionally protected right flowing from Privacy is an indispensable element of the right to life and personal liberty under and as a constitutional value which is embodied in the fundamental freedoms embedded in Part III of the Constitution.
Upper lip was cut.
We must treat those decisions and orders as final and yet devise ways and means of doing complete justice between the parties before us.
We must treat those decisions and orders as final and yet devise ways and means of doing complete justice between the parties before us.
The CME is responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of diesel locomotives, all types of coaches and wagons.
They are not of tender age nor old.
In Hindu law, there is difference in Dayabhaga and Mitakshra school of law.
In all Asian countries the legal systems have been fundamentally changed and reorganised.
That apart, the view expressed by this Court in Gurdip Singh Uban cannot be limited only to applications for modification, clarification or recall.
Simultaneously, respondent No.9 was directed to indicate whether other lessees were carrying on mining operations in the vicinity of the temple and disclose their names.
Simultaneously, respondent No.9 was directed to indicate whether other lessees were carrying on mining operations in the vicinity of the temple and disclose their names.
Several decisions of this Court have in the past examined similar questions in almost similar fact situations.
The High Court ought to have examined the suggestions presented in writing by the appellants.
A litigant cannot play fast and loose with the Court.
Her birth anniversary, the 12th of May is aptly commemorated as International Nurses’ Day.
According to him, the documents attached with the bid were not shown but only the bid was shown.
The compensation of Rs. 3 Lakh does not cover the entire expenses incurred by an acid attack victim.
NALSA has made a significant contribution in this regard by preparing a training module for Probation Officers.
The learned counsel further contends that enquiry proceedings that were initiated by the respondents under Rule 14 of the CCS (CCA) Rules, 1965 in respect of the alleged incident of loss of weapon and ammunition, were quashed by the learned single Judge of the High Court.
A sense of inclusion can only be fostered by protecting the right of citizens freely to engage in a dialogue in public spaces.
Where the deceased was a bachelor and the claimants are the parents, the deduction follows a different principle.
Acceptable external rating from CRISIL, ICRA, D & B, SMERA etc would be desirable.
Courts award death sentence, because situation demands, due to constitutional compulsion, reflected by the will of the people, and not Judge centric.
For the aforestated reasons, we set aside the impugned judgment and the award so far as it pertains to payment of interest pendente lite and direct that no interest would be paid on the amount payable under the contract to the respondent from the date of the reference till the date of the award.
The greatest ruler of the Pratihara dynasty was Mihir Bhoja. He recovered Kanauj (Kanyakubja) by 836, and it remained the capital of the Pratiharas for almost a century.
In determining the question of the validity or otherwise of such a statute the court will not strike down the law out of hand only because no classification appears on its face or because a discretion is given to the Government to make the selection or classification but will go on to examine and ascertain if the statute has laid down any principle or policy for the guidance of the exercise of discretion by the Government in the matter of the selection or classification.
In determining the question of the validity or otherwise of such a statute the court will not strike down the law out of hand only because no classification appears on its face or because a discretion is given to the Government to make the selection or classification but will go on to examine and ascertain if the statute has laid down any principle or policy for the guidance of the exercise of discretion by the Government in the matter of the selection or classification.
In other words, the autonomy of a private aided institution would be less than that of an unaided institution.
All of these six accused participated in the rioting on the scene of the incident, in which the accused Brahamdeo Chaudhry and Kapildeo Chaudhry were the only persons having guns at the time, of whom the accused Brahamdeo suddenly shot at the deceased and the accused Brahamdeo and Kapildeo shot the injured.
All of these six accused participated in the rioting on the scene of the incident, in which the accused Brahamdeo Chaudhry and Kapildeo Chaudhry were the only persons having guns at the time, of whom the accused Brahamdeo suddenly shot at the deceased and the accused Brahamdeo and Kapildeo shot the injured.
The State is not going to establish, patronise or endow any particular religion to the exclusion of or in preference to others and that no citizen in the State will have any preferential treatment or will be discriminated against simply on the ground that he professed a particular form of religion.
It is not possible for us to say, on the material before us, how and why the said situation has come about.
A plain reading of clause (5) of would show that the power of a State to make a law can only be exercised where it is necessary for advancement of socially and educationally backward classes of citizens or for the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes and not for any other purpose.
At that stage, respondents chose to file a writ petition for quashing of the acquisition proceedings coming out with the plea that they were not consenting parties and had not participated in the meeting dated 9th September, 2005 as even the notice was not received by them.
The second aspect is that while the rash or negligent act of the accused must be the causa causans for the death, the question whether and if so what was the causa causans in a given case, would depend upon the fact situation in which the occurrence has taken place and the question arises.
The officials are made accountable for the failure or omission on their part to take necessary steps to prevent unlawful assembly (caste panchayats, etc.) or to give protection to the targeted couple.
Special provisions for people on foot include regulations for pedestrian crossings, which give legal precedence to pedestrians.
Its purpose cannot be to shield an excess of power from being questioned before the Court.
It is, therefore, clear that the investigations are tainted, vital and material portion has been deliberately concealed.
Adding conventional damages Rs.8,000/-, vide award dated 30.4.1998, the tribunal awarded total compensation of Rs.2,24,000/- with interest at the rate of 15 per cent per annum.
The President stated that if we have to achieve a faster growth trajectory, there has to be equal urgency in decision-making.
The detailed procedure is stipulated in Appendix IV.
Statement of witnesses, which have not suffered cross-examination case, in our opinion, present a one-sided picture of the matter.
As I extend my felicitations to the H’ble Members of the Knesset, I once again thank you for the honour of addressing you.
The Single Judge of the High Court vide Order dated 13.7.2012, allowed the writ petition directing that the property of the respondent No.1 will have to be classified as 'reclaimed purayidam' (dry land) in the Basic Tax Register (for short 'BTR') and further issued a direction to the Tahsildar and the Village Officer to effect appropriate correction as per the terms of the direction.
Thus understood, the ground urged by the petitioner to challenge the detention of her son Murugan.
But, as urged by Dr. Dhawan, by holding that Entry 66 of List I was not relatable to a screening test prescribed by the Government or by a University for selection of students from out of a large number for admission to any particular course of study, the Constitution Bench also accepted that the powers of the MCI under List I, Entry 66, did not extend to selection of students.
Pursuant to the aforesaid amendment, the Parliament enacted the GNCTD Act.
I am delighted to be here in this historic building, the seat of the City's highest decision making body.
The report was submitted to the High Court.
Secondly, the appellant asserted that he was involved in a criminal case, and therefore, was wholeheartedly attending to the same.
State Government of Tamil Nadu has developed a successful model using an IT enabled management system.
Indeed, if the Appellant had made any endeavour to assail or nullify the decree, it would be fair to conclude that she had been put up by the Judgment Debtor in an endeavour to defeat the decree.
Imagine a designer T shirt which gives you protection from cold in the harsh winters of Delhi and at the same time provides the much needed cooling effect from the scorching heat of the summer months.
The appeals of remaining 16 appellants are dismissed.
RJIL had also stated that the demand for POIs was being made to ‘provide seemless connectivity to targeted subscribers’ as against ‘test consumers’.
Based on the above, it was contended, that it was not open to the appellants to raise a challenge with reference to a third party sale, especially when the same was in the nature of a public auction conducted by a Recovery Officer, while giving effect to an order passed by the Debts Recovery Tribunal, strictly within the jurisdiction of the provisions of the RDB Act.
By virtue of amendment, the concept of voluntary nature of service and voluntary organization was made clear.
Clause (d) deals with possible adverse impact on law and order.
The explanation to this section states that in computing limitation, the time required for obtaining the consent or sanction of the government or any other authority should be excluded.
The explanation to this section states that in computing limitation, the time required for obtaining the consent or sanction of the government or any other authority should be excluded.
J., the learned Judge observes: - Secondly, and assuming for the moment that there should prove to be any substance in the present charges, their character must raise doubts about the reasons customarily given as justifying a claim to Crown privilege for classes of documents, being the reasons in fact relied upon in this case.
The heath was covered with golden patches of flowering gorse, gleaming magnificently in the light of the bright spring sunshine. - Arthur Conan Doyle, 'The Return of Sherlock Holmes'.
The appellate court would not be justified in setting aside the trial court judgment unless it arrives at a clear finding on marshalling the entire evidence on record that the judgment of the trial court is either perverse or wholly unsustainable in law.
In our considered opinion, the High Court has rightly believed the evidence of these witnesses, particularly since minor discrepancies on trivial matters do not in and of themselves affect the core of the prosecution case.
The Commission appreciates the effort of West Bengal National University of Juridical Sciences in presenting a critical analysis of the provisions of the proposed Bill and putting forward important suggestions.
Clause 6.3.3 further provides that before passing the order of suspension the competent authority may consider whether the purpose may be served if the officer is transferred from his post.
The provisions of which read as follows: “(B) Review determination of date of birth in respect of existing employees.
We are not directly concerned here with the Jammu & Kashmir Big Landed Estates (Abolition) Act, 1950, whose validity was challenged in the said judgment.
Afterwards, on 15th December, 2015 Subodh Kumar Gupta, authorized representative of the appellants and others had appeared and sought adjournment for 22nd December, 2015, on which date a reply was filed.
Learned counsel for the respondent refuting the submissions of the learned counsel for the appellant contends that the fact is that respondent No.1 was in long possession of the premises and had acquired possessory title.
The object of those restrictions and the reason for them are plain.
Though there is a phonetic similarity insofar as the words NANDHINI/NANDINI are concerned, the trade mark with logo adopted by the two parties are altogether different.
Permitting mining with controlled blasting or without blasting using Ripper Dozer/ Rock-breaker or any other machinery and taking adequate measures towards generation, propagation, suppression and deposition of airborne dust in the Buffer Zone.
Neither of the parties concerned, held either of these posts prior to the promulgation of the abovementioned rules.
This whole process was completely illegal, as the list of 1985 had got exhausted.
Hence, this appeal by way of special leave has been filed by the DDA raising certain substantial questions of law urging various grounds.
It may appear to be a finding of fact simplicitor.
However, the evidence of P.W.12 preparing Biri on the verandah of Kulamani Budhia has not been challenged by the prosecution to the extent of her finding the accused Upendra absent from the spot.
It is further made clear that if the facts are such which require some inquiry for the satisfaction about the charges or allegations made in the FIR then such a limited inquiry is permissible.
It was pointed out, that the action of shying away and stalling consideration, of a resolution for the removal of the Speaker, is an action which could be justifiably described as anti-democratic.
It is not bound by the procedure laid down by the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (‘CPC’) but is guided by the principles of natural justice and subject to the provisions of the 1993 Act and the rules framed thereunder.
Insofar as Indian judicial mind is concerned, I find that in certain decisions of this Court, gender is taken as the relevant circumstance while fixing the quantum of sentence.
We cannot agree for the simple reason that we are concerned with the interregnum between 4th January, 2017 and 24th January, 2017 when no charge sheet had been filed, during which period he had availed of his indefeasible right of ‘default bail’.
A former Devaswom Commissioner admitted that the first rice-feeding ceremony of her grandchild was conducted at the Sabarimala Temple.
The construction of four such units was almost completed at Kakrapar and Rawatbhata sites.
Of this amount, a sum of Rs. 1 lakh shall be paid to such victim within 15 days of occurrence of such incident (or being brought to the notice of the State Government/ Union Territory) to facilitate immediate medical attention and expenses in this regard.
Of this amount, a sum of Rs. 1 lakh shall be paid to such victim within 15 days of occurrence of such incident (or being brought to the notice of the State Government/ Union Territory) to facilitate immediate medical attention and expenses in this regard.
The notice issued to him is discharged and the petition as against him stands closed.
He next argued that, in any case, the notice dated 05.05.2011 was a notice, which substantially conformed to Clause 9.3.2 of the PPA, and, therefore, ought to have been held as a default notice.
Thus JRN could continue admitting standards despite aforementioned Policy statements, on the strength of interim orders.
While disposing of the appeal preferred by the State of Haryana, this Court accepted the contention advanced on its behalf, that a scale of pay is attached to a definite post.
It was in the above backdrop that Shri R.K. Anand, an advocate practicing in Delhi High Court appears to have placed a copy of the newspaper dated 18th May, 2007 before a Division Bench of the High Court of Delhi on 21st May, 2007 to draw the attention of the Court about the article published in the said paper maligning the former Chief Justice of India and tending to lower the image of the judiciary in the eyes of the common man.
Another form of the disapproved divorce is a single, irrevocable pronouncement made either during the period of tuhr or even otherwise.
The petitioner submits that such writings which have appeared in ‘Mathrubhumi’ are not a manifestation of the freedom of expression but are collusive efforts aimed at dividing the society, for such imputations are discriminatory against women and threaten the very fabric of the society which embodies within itself the virtues of pluralistic community, religion and gender balance.
This Unit shall consist of a juvenile or child welfare officer of the rank of Police Inspector having an aptitude and appropriate training and orientation to handle such cases.
This Unit shall consist of a juvenile or child welfare officer of the rank of Police Inspector having an aptitude and appropriate training and orientation to handle such cases.
Certainly, such provisions are complementary and not antithetical to or inconsistent with Section 25 of the Antiquities Act.
Certainly, such provisions are complementary and not antithetical to or inconsistent with Section 25 of the Antiquities Act.
The expression ‘rarest of rare’ literally means rarest even in the rare, i.e. a rarest case of an extreme nature.
The Division Bench initially after examining the salary structure allowed the appeal on 13.01.2005 holding that the special allowance was a part of dearness allowance liable to deduction.
The dead body was having a tattoo on the right fore-arm with “Ramchandra Singh  written in Hindi.
The appellant is the writ petitioner before the High Court in writ petition No.6870 of 2017 which came to be decided along with another writ petition.
P16 post-mortem report.
A driver of a motor vehicle can acquire liquor even before the commencement of a journey or, during a journey at a place other than a national or State highway.
A driver of a motor vehicle can acquire liquor even before the commencement of a journey or, during a journey at a place other than a national or State highway.
Department of Biotechnology (DBT) under the Ministry of Science and Technology, over the past 30 years has given a new impetus to developments in modern biology and biotechnology.
The Leakage of food grains through ghost cards has been tabulated and the percentage of such leakage on an All India basis has been estimated at 16.67%.
Accused persons were already arrested and in police custody of Shahu Nagar Police Station on that day.
The judge must exercise the discretion in a judicious manner.
This will be adverted to a little later.
As observed above, learned senior counsel, Shri Harish Salve and Shri K.K. Venugopal, learned Attorney General have not disputed that Parliamentary reports and materials can be used for the purposes of taking into consideration legislative history for interpretation of statute as well as for considering the statement made by a Minister.
In exceptional cases, police custody can be granted and not otherwise.
In exceptional cases, police custody can be granted and not otherwise.
We have gone through the inquiry report(s) submitted by the Inquiry Officer and other records.
We have gone through the inquiry report(s) submitted by the Inquiry Officer and other records.
After verification the form is sent to the concerned Record Office, which in turn sends it to the Ministry of Labour.
Moreover, it was noticed that such buy/sell orders were synchronized [Synchronized trade is one where buy and sell orders are placed simultaneously for the same volume].
And whereas I am of the view that in the face of such grave culpable acts of omission and commission there is no justification for the continuation in service of Shri Gill as he has betrayed all responsibility placed upon him by law and rules.
Open Basic Education (OBE) Programme for 14 + years age group, adolescents and adults at A, B and C levels that are equivalent to classes III, V and VIII of the formal school system.
All the applications filed in C.A. No.1811 of 2005 were taken up for consideration, collectively.
In that case, considering the statutory right of the Financial Corporation under the , 1951 and the non-obstante clause occurring therein, it was categorically held that State Financial Corporation shall have a preferential claim in relation to its secured debts.
Where the fact is contentious, the petitioner can always collect the facts from many a source and produce such facts by way of affidavits, and the Court can render its verdict by way of independent adjudication.
In the event a statute is not clear, recourse to strict interpretation must be made for construction thereof.
Now that we have examined under what circumstances a State law can be said to be encroaching upon the law-making powers of the Central Government, we may proceed to evaluate the current issue on merits.
This judgment is clearly attracted to the present case.
PART C must not be less than two years, and shall also be liable to fine.
Apart from the above suggestions the erstwhile Chairman of the Law Commission had also suggested an amendment in the Seventh Schedule of the Constitution to enable enactment of a central legislation with regard not only to national highways but also in respect of roads and traffic thereon in addition to vehicles other than mechanically propelled which as of today falls under Entry 13 of the State List.
It is the 'Appropriate authority' to ensure development, maintenance, updation and implementation of 'National Aviation Security Programme' for India and fulfill all international obligations in this context.
The Government of India is duty bound to provide uninterrupted Telecommunication Services to enable its citizen to effectively exercise the aforesaid right.
The Government of India is duty bound to provide uninterrupted Telecommunication Services to enable its citizen to effectively exercise the aforesaid right.
The purpose of the disclosure is to enable the insurer to decide whether to accept or decline to undertake a risk.
The purpose of the disclosure is to enable the insurer to decide whether to accept or decline to undertake a risk.
During investigation, it was found that it was a case of mistaken identity as Satender (PW-7) was shot in place of one Anil.
During investigation, it was found that it was a case of mistaken identity as Satender (PW-7) was shot in place of one Anil.
Learned counsel submits that the interpretation which has been advanced by the respondent State if taken at its face value, would amount to permitting the State to indirectly levy turnover tax on part of a dealer’s total turnover which is non exigible to intra sales tax and indeed would be beyond the legislative competence of the State.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee attended the Golden Jubilee Celebrations of the Federation of Indian Export Organizations (FIEO) and presented the Niryat Shree and Niryat Bandhu Awards in New Delhi today (May 4, 2016).
The Umayyad caliph in Damascus sent an expedition to Baluchistan and Sindh in 711 led by Muhammad bin Qasim.
Indeed, natural justice is a pervasive facet of secular law where a spiritual touch enlivens legislation, administration and adjudication, to make fairness a creed of life.
Indeed, natural justice is a pervasive facet of secular law where a spiritual touch enlivens legislation, administration and adjudication, to make fairness a creed of life.
These rare persons we have to find out.
In my judgment, reading the correspondence as a whole, it at no stage passed from the melting pot of negotiations to crystallize as an agreement to extend the time for the performance of the contract.
It is a settled legal proposition that law of limitation may harshly affect a particular party but it has to be applied with all its rigour when the statute so prescribes.
We find that these observations of the High Court are not supported by the evidence on record inasmuch as the DW1 was himself not sanguine as to the correct date of receipt of the FIR in the present case.
According to respondent No.17, its mine is situated at a minimum distance of about 500 meters from Jambunatheswara temple and no damage can be caused to the temple due to mining operations.
According to respondent No.17, its mine is situated at a minimum distance of about 500 meters from Jambunatheswara temple and no damage can be caused to the temple due to mining operations.
Gujarat is a melting pot of several civilizations resulting in a vibrant and rich cultural heritage.
Rahul Mehra & Anr. v. Union of India, (2004) 78 DRJ 155 (DB). [Delhi High Court].
I am confident that NIMHANS shall also contribute to the discovery of new drugs and new therapeutic modalities.
Law of adverse possession does not qualify only a defendant for the acquisition of title by way of adverse possession, it may be perfected by a person who is filing a suit.
Unhealthy fumes of kerosene lights adversely affect the villagers’ health, and low luminosity weakens their eyesight.
In Fateh Maidan Club (supra), the Court was considering the defensibility of the judgment and order of a Division Bench of the High Court of Andhra Pradesh whereby it has held that the assessee club was liable to pay sales tax under the Andhra Pradesh General Sales Tax Act, 1957 on the supplies of food and drink to their members.
Whereas the country liquor, also known as ‘Desi Sharab’ is prepared from rectified spirit or low grade ENA having alcohol content below 40% (as decided by different State Governments) which may be coloured (by caramel) and may be spiced too.
One week’s time was granted to cure the minor defects as prayed.
The Delhi High Court in its judgment dated 13.10.2014 has followed the judgment of Madras High Court in M. Selvakumar’s case (Supra).
This is also corroborated by AMC’s Additional affidavit before the High Court.
Now, the object behind SICA was revival of sick companies.
And was buried outside of Agra at Sikandra. His son Jehangir then assumed the throne.
Suffice to say at present that when the State Legislature has introduced the legislation to take steps as regards the institution, it shall be the endeavour of the executive to see that the office of the Lokayukta is in place.
In Hari Chand Case (supra), as already discussed, the question was whether a person claiming exemption is required to comply with the procedure strictly to avail the benefit.
It is because the Act empowers the defendant to raise the plea of jurisdiction on a different yardstick.
In addition, professional development activities should model effective practices and behaviors and encourage and support collaboration between teachers.
Notwithstanding the place where the work under this contract is to be executed, it is mutually understood and agreed by and between the parties hereto that this Contract shall be deemed to have been entered into by the parties concerned in the city of Bombay and the court of law in the city of Bombay alone shall have jurisdiction to adjudicate thereon.
The courts have adopted two complementary approaches to determining whether a function falls within the ambit of the supervisory jurisdiction.
Hence the importance and primacy of the orality of the trial-process.
What is more important is that the matter was looked into by Director-cum-Special Secretary, Youth Services and Sports Department as well as Secretary, Youth Services and Sports Department and it is only after the examination of the proposal by them and their final approval, lands in question were allotted.
The relations between the two countries have withstood the test of time and socio-cultural exchanges for centuries have fostered further close cooperation in various fields.
There were two agreements of 1892 and 1924 for sharing the water of the river between the areas which are predominantly today comprised in the States of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, and which were at the time of the agreements comprised in the then Presidency of Madras on the one hand and the State of Mysore on the other.
According to him the plain language of paragraph 4 is decisive and that led to the decision under appeal against SEBI.
According to him the plain language of paragraph 4 is decisive and that led to the decision under appeal against SEBI.
Select the judge name from drop down box and submit that.
Further, going by the letter and spirit of first two Clauses of and the long history associated with this privilege right from Bill of Rights, 1688, anything said by Members in Parliament cannot be called in question in Court.
L.T. line situated at Jibanpore Bazar, Kuti Para by using 25 HP motor for saw mill causing loss of revenue to the tune of Rs.5,000/- (five thousand) per annum in committing such dishonest abstraction, consumption or use of electric energy as above mentioned.
But for such inference there must be firm foundation of facts pleaded and established.
In fact, a fresh recruitment would not have been possible by means of a competitive examination as Rule 3 required that these be conducted once a year, and the examination for 1974-75 had already been conducted, yielding a meager number of 20 SC/ST candidates.
Ahmednagar.
With a view to give impetus to the industrial development of the country, the Central and State Governments encouraged the banks and other financial institutions to formulate liberal policies for grant of loans and other financial facilities to those who wanted to set up new industrial units or expand the existing units.
Out of this, an amount of Rs. 150 crore comprising cost of land (Rs. 45 crore) and Capital Expenditure (Rs. 105 crore) will be borne by OIDB.
The fact situation in the present appeals is somewhat similar.
Black's Law Dictionary, Ninth Edition defines the word 'own' as 'to rightfully have or possess as property; to have legal title to'.
This Court considered the question in considerable detail and deprecated the practice of filing review applications in undeserving cases without any proper examination of the substance of the applications.
This interpretation of Dharappa’s case, in our view, would squarely apply to the provisions of the KCS Act if is also suitably amended by the State of Kerala by making at par with amended Section 70 of Karnataka CS Act.
The action has a clear effect on rendering order passed by this Court ineffective.
Appellant No.3 happens to be the Printer and Publisher of the papers while appellant No.4 is a Cartoonist working for the said paper.
A minimum of 33% marks in the aggregate (Theory plus Practicals where applicable) in the public examination.
But the Corporation wrote back to the contractor that office of E.D. (NR) has ceased to exist due to internal re-organisation.
PW1 Bali Raj, PW2 Moti Lal deceased Prabhunath and Raj Bali are sons of PW3 Ram Lakhan.
Therefore, solution may lie in constituting any other Court Martial, on an emergency footing if the circumstances so dictate.
The President said that exports have a very important role to play in our economic growth.
Given that the productivity of our milch animals is still low compared to global standards, an outlay of 2, 242 crore rupees will be invested in the first phase of the plan.
This appeal has been filed by the appellant-claimants against the Judgment and order dated 31.07.2013 passed in First Appeal No. 413 of 2007 by the High Court of Himachal Pradesh at Shimla, wherein the High Court has partly allowed the appeal filed by the appellant-claimants.
If it is possible to ascertain the exact amount of charges and taxes those may also be indicated in the public notice so that the intending bidders have clear picture while making their bids.
Briefly stated, the appellant has been named as an Digitally signed by SUBHASH CHANDER Date: 2018.01.31 accused in FIR No.10 of 2015 registered at the Police Station 17:31:33 IST Reason: (Special Cell), Delhi, for offence punishable under Sections 3 & 4 of the Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act, 1999 (hereinafter referred to as the “MCOCA ).
Each table gives information regarding average weekly rainfall, lowest and highest rainfall in a week and assured rainfall at 30, 40, 50, 60 and 70 percent probability levels.
The decree shall bear date the day on which the judgment was pronounced, and, when the Judge has satisfied himself that the decree has been drawn up in accordance with the judgment, he shall sign the decree.
The said view was subject matter of severe criticism.
Whenever the court convicts any person or persons of an offence with the aid of Section 149, a clear finding regarding the common object of the assembly must be given and the evidence discussed must show not only the nature of the common object but also that the object was unlawful.
The constitution of the management of every college has also been provided.
The opposite parties filed civil suit in the High Court to challenge the report of the Chairman.
He stated, that he pleaded with the accused-appellant, as also, the co- accused, not to do any such thing, at his residence.
They made complaints against the Chief Minister – Nabam Tuki and the Speaker – Nabam Rebia, to the Governor.
Impact Evaluation Studies.
On the basis of the materials which include the statements of the Doctors and after adverting to the contentions of the protest petition, the Magistrate has come to the conclusion that it is not a fit case for being continued and the matter should end as the daughter of the second respondent/complainant died due to illness.
In any event, once the provisions of are PART E held to offend the fundamental rights, the procedure engrafted in will cease to have any practical relevance.
The use of high yielding seeds was confined to only food grains. Thus, the revolution touched only a limited percentage of India 's total arable land.
It is a different kind of ‘Gurukul’.
It means the provisions of Article 248 and entry 97 of the Union List, as applicable to the rest of the India, are not applicable to the State of Jammu and Kashmir.
The plaintiffs in this case are motivated by their self - interests.
It was held that land vests in the State free from all encumbrances.
It was held that land vests in the State free from all encumbrances.
Challenging the said judgment of the High Court, the appeals were filed by the Public Service Commission, Uttaranchal as well as State of Uttaranchal.
With the rapid increase in commerce and trade use of cheque also increased and so the cheque bouncing disputes.
The regular second appeal also met the same fate.
Viewed functionally, the separation is authorised, not obligated.
The High Court disposed of the said appeal vide its judgment and order dated 23.4.2010, and commuted the death sentence to life imprisonment, with directions as have been referred to hereinabove.
He assured the President that Maldives will closely co-operate with India and expressed confidence that India-Maldives relations will grow from strength-to-strength. He said Maldives was committed to greater cooperation with India on all matters.
It is, therefore, proposed to suitably amend the Constitution to include in a definition of 'tax on the sale or purchase of goods' by inserting a new clause (29A).
In these circumstances, it could be regarded as a tenancy from month to month unless there was a contract to the contrary.
Therefore, the statement of the victim relating to termination of her pregnancy cannot be discarded at this stage merely because of absence of any corroboration from the medical evidence.
Although asthma can develop at any age, it most commonly begins in children, particularly in the first 5 years of life.
Retroactivity 10.1 Provisional measures and anti-dumping duties shall only be applied to products which enter for consumption after the time when the decision taken under paragraph 1 of and paragraph 1 of , respectively, enters into force, subject to the exceptions set out in this Article.
Periodic reports shall be submitted to the Regional Office of this Ministry.
Having considered the submissions advanced, the nature of allegations, the age of the victim child and the related records, I am inclined to agree with the learned Public Prosecutor.
On the night of 12.12.2003, message was received from PGIMS, Rohtak that Rajini had died as a result of burn injuries.
The Company, initially deployed a major portion of its owned funds and deposits in equipment leasing business and obtained the classification of an ‘Equipment leasing company’ from the Department of Finance Companies of RBI; this classification entitles the company to mobilize public deposits to the extent of ten time its owned funds.
And Director (Intelligence Bureau).
They were further convicted under IPC and 411 and sentenced to suffer rigorous imprisonment for seven years and one year respectively with imposition of fine and sentences in default.
The day owes its importance to the constitution of India that was adopted on this day.
It has been held in Ashok Saw Mill (supra) that the legislature by virtue of incorporation of sub-section (3) in has gone to the extent of vesting the DRAT with authority to set aside a transaction including sale and to restore possession to the borrower in appropriate cases.
No doubt, Shetty Commission has recommended in its Report that there should be no cut-off marks in the viva-voce test.
He submitted that the contention on behalf of the appellant that the Court has to determine only whether the arbitration agreement contained in the main agreement is void is, therefore, not correct.
Meanwhile, writ record be called for.
Its deprivation shall be only as per procedure prescribed in and the conformable to the mandate of the Supreme law, the Constitution. ...
This practice reinforces segregation and deprives the Persons affected by Leprosy and their family members from owning or possessing property.
While performing their duties, civil servants would have to respect this aspect of our country.
He was therefore produced on 01.06.1997 before PW1 O.P. Chhatwal who gave him 24 hours time to think over the matter.
The learned senior counsel for the respondent has highlighted the factum of absence of privity of contract.
The President stated that stronger efforts from all stakeholders collectively could build on this trend to secure a faster growth as the global economy revives.
There can be no quarrel with the proposition that mediation proceedings are confidential proceedings and anything disclosed, discussed or proposed by the parties before the mediator cannot be recorded, much less divulged.
Sections 7 provides that period of operation of orders under Sections 4, 5 or 6 shall in no case exceed a period of one year.
The said fact by itself, according to the learned counsel, had proved that the suit properties were included in an estate under the 1908 Act.
Degree of Doctorate-Honoris Causa was conferred on President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan during the ceremony.
Therefore, there are no foundational facts and/or pleadings in the writ petition challenging this G.O. as unconstitutional.
Crimes that lead to dowry deaths are almost invariably committed within the safe precincts of a residential house.
Crimes that lead to dowry deaths are almost invariably committed within the safe precincts of a residential house.
The process of hearing and the final reasoned decision thereon, as ordered, shall be completed peremptorily, within a period of fifteen days from today.
The High Court, while dealing with Vikas Yadav and Vishal Yadav has opined that they had misused the process of law while in jail and in their conduct there is no sign of any kind of remorse or regret.
The subject for this year’s discussion is 'The impact and import of cartooning and caricatures as a medium of expression of opinion .
Files relating to purchase of furniture / fixtures, stationary items, general office items, electronic, computer ACs etc.
The Lieutenant Governor should not act in a mechanical manner without due application of mind so as to refer every decision of the Council of Ministers to the President.
After referring to Tindal CJ’s observations in Huber vs. Steiner (1835) 2 Bing N.C. 202 (already referred to) and after stating that the distinction of the law of limitation as procedural is not based on any clear logic, Carter says: ‘An action, which is statute-barred (whether by way of extinction of the right or by way of extinction of the remedy) under the lex causae (of another country), ought not to be entertained in England’.
The purposes mentioned in the said provision includes education in agriculture in allied sciences and in humanities besides furthering the advancement of learning and research in agriculture, undertaking and guiding extension education programmes; integrating and coordinating the teaching of subjects in the different faculties, coordinating agricultural education, research and extension education activities, teaching and examining students and conferring degrees and diplomas.
Similarly, in some other States, proceedings were initiated proposing to reopen the assessments that had already been closed treating the transaction as sale.
Similarly, in some other States, proceedings were initiated proposing to reopen the assessments that had already been closed treating the transaction as sale.
He said that it is imperative for any modern armed force to be a knowledge-based entity.
Section 12(1) provides that every investigation shall be conducted in camera by the Chairperson and the Members sitting jointly.
It was consisting of office boys and relative of Anil Mittal, Statutory Auditor, which was created to receive money from Mannat Buildcraft Private Limited and to transfer it to J.P. Morgan Investments by purchasing it at exorbitant rates and for no other transaction.
The entirety of the Bill cannot be regarded as a Money Bill, once it contains any matters which fall beyond sub-clauses (a) to (g).
At the state level, consultants have been deployed at various High Courts.
So much so, legal battles started between them.
In case that resident of gram Sabha, who is entitled, the blind do not apply then the resident of concern Gram Sabha block development area, other blind person shall be entitled to apply.
In case that resident of gram Sabha, who is entitled, the blind do not apply then the resident of concern Gram Sabha block development area, other blind person shall be entitled to apply.
However, the NDVI value needs to be applied in conjunction with other indicators and values.
The plaintiff got converted the land for non-agricultural/residential purposes.
He stated instead that he had put his signatures as the appellant wanted him to do so.
He stated instead that he had put his signatures as the appellant wanted him to do so.
Provided that this sub-section shall not in any case have the effect of reducing the tax deductible except where the loss under the head 'Income from house property' has been taken into account, from income under the head 'Salaries' below the amount that would be so deductible if the other income and the tax deducted thereon had not been taken into account.
Verified Leave granted.
The GRA will formulate rules of procedure to cover matters relating to filing of claims, completion of pleadings, evidence on affidavits or otherwise, passing of awards and furnishing copies. These rules of procedure will also deal with matters relating to (p) enforcement of the decisions of the GRA as finally determined in appeals therefrom.
The politics of divide and rule has extracted a heavy price on our subcontinent.
Drawing lessons from our own colonial experience, we will continue to focus on capacity building, with a view to strengthening their self-reliance.
It was inter alia alleged therein that respondent No.3 was the person, who indulged into the fraud and forgery and he managed to take away the money belonging to the Trust by misusing his post.
Demographers estimate that three quarters (75%) of the global population could be urban by 2050 with most of the increase coming in the fast growing towns of Asia and Africa.
As far as the Commissions for the Protection of Child Rights are concerned, they exist only on paper since in some cases the Chairperson had not been appointed or the Members had not been appointed or no rules and regulations had been framed.
A leaseholder who has moved an application for renewal (of the original/first or subsequent renewal) of a mining lease, at least twelve months before the existing lease was due to expire, and on consideration, such an application has been rejected, will be considered as not a valid/subsisting leaseholder.
An applicant for membership is required to identify a set of maximum four individuals termed as the 'Dominant Promoter Group' who are required to hold minimum 51% equity stake / sharing ratio in directly or indirectly in the member company / partnership firm for a minimum period of at least three years from the date of grant of membership.
Therefore, when allocation of business is made it is made with reference to the three Lists in the Seventh Schedule and thus the allocation in the Rules of Business provides for all contingencies which may arise for the exercise of the executive power.
This declined to 19% during the Tenth Five Year Plan period and to 15. 2% during the Eleventh Plan period.
Indian soils are deficient in nitrogen and phosphorus.
When they marry and have children, their health can be adversely affected, their education impeded and economic autonomy restricted.
The said amendment was struck down by this Court as invalid and inoperative on the ground that it was violative of Articles 31(1) and 19(1)(f) of the Constitution.
The Madras High Court had, apparently, followed certain decisions of that court which had applied the principle that a life-estate holder cannot create a tenancy which could last beyond the life of a life-estate holder.
Corporate bodies are independent entities, and their employees cannot claim parity with employees of the State Government.
At about 11.30 a.m. when she rang the appellant and enquired about her husband (deceased), she (appellant) told her that he had gone to Naranpura Health Club.
Cas.214 (Cal) would also not be applicable to the facts and circumstances of this case.
In other words, the procedure of quo warranto gives the Judiciary a weapon to control the Executive from making appointment to public office against law and to protect a citizen from being deprived of public office to which he has a right.
On 4 December 1996, the Government of Jammu and Kashmir through its Planning and Development Department notified its sanction to the creation of 23,297 posts.
The said article was proved to be a part of front bumper of Mahindra Jeep, Commander hard top model shown to him by Inspector Gaikwad at the office of Police at Crawford Market.
Any pending proceedings under the original Act will continue to be saved under Section 6 of the General Clauses Act.
Addressing the concluding session, the President announced the institution of Visitor’s Awards for CUs in the categories of ‘Best University’, ‘Innovation’ and ‘Research’.
Learned counsel for the appellant in support of this appeal submits that the appellant, who was working as a Branch Manager in Bank of Baroda had permitted opening of a savings account No.33604 in discharge of his official duty.
It was also urged that since it was not supplied to the appellants and hence it is of no use.
These vacancies shall, therefore, be taken to have been created as in the year 2009 and promotions against the same made from out of officers who were eligible for such promotion as in that year.
Following the said well known canon of construction, this Court interprets the expression “public authority  under Section 2(h)(d)(i) liberally, so that the authorities like the appellant who are controlled and substantially financed, directly or indirectly, by the government, come within the purview of the RTI Act.
The prosecution’s case stood corroborated by the confessional statement of Rafiq Madi (A-46), who had also disclosed that he had received a sum of Rs.50,000/- and Rs.62,000/- respectively, from Yakub Memon (A-1) to be handed over to the appellant (A-67) and accordingly, the said amount had been delivered to the appellant by him.
It must however be emphasised that efflux of time and escalation of price of property, by itself, cannot be a valid ground to deny the relief of specific performance.
These infrastructure projects have been excluded and continue to be excluded presumably because they are conceived in the national interest.
Parties will have to lead evidence in order to substantiate the respective case.
This fact was also verified from PW-16-investigating officer during his cross-examination.
Funds are released in seven installments, six installments at the rate of 15 per cent and the last installment at the rate of 10 per cent.
It has been expounded that the Court at the stage of considering the application for grant of bail, shall consider the question from the angle as to whether the accused was possessed of the requisite mens rea.
During this long span of time much water has flown down the Ganges.
That is misrepresentation must be in relation to the conditions provided in a section on existence or non-existence of which power can be exercised.
The petitioners are entitled to get compensation of Rs.6,64,000/- with interest at the rate of 6% p.a.
Vide impugned judgment and order dated 22. 5. 2007, appellant Subhash has been convicted for the offence punishable under Section 302 / 34 IPC pertaining to the death of Vinod.
For example, sexual harassment with women at work place; marginalisation and segmentation of the occupational structure in favour of men, etc. Such issues makes women socially, economically, professionally and politically backward and less advanced.
Judicial Service : From 1975-85 ro appointments were made.
This is evident from the fact that the said requirement is preceded by the words ―in the opinion of the State‖.
The state may ensure that AWWs/AWHs are in good health and all staff enrolled for the supply of food items must be adequately trained in good hygiene practices.
Digitized video deposition will be displayable along with synchronization to real time transcripts, greatly facilitating examination of prior deposition testimony and trial testimony.
Considering the interesting technicalities involved in the functions to be performed by these Boards, it is essential that technical persons possessing scientific knowledge about matters relating to pollution and pollution control hold the upper hand .
The Udampady also cannot hold the field in view of the authoritative pronouncements made by this Court in the earlier judgments as to the binding nature of the 1934 Constitution.
It has to exercise the discretion on reasonable and rational parameters.
In bringing out the essential features of a tax this definition also assists in distinguishing a tax from a fee.
In the complaint in question, it is specifically stated that the dishonour took place at Bhiwani.
Insolvency professionals will assist in completion of insolvency resolution, liquidation and bankruptcy proceedings envisaged in the Code.
Insolvency professionals will assist in completion of insolvency resolution, liquidation and bankruptcy proceedings envisaged in the Code.
C. Circumventing the Judgment / Order of the Court 5.18 Criminal contempt in the most general sense of the term includes contemptuous actions that interfere or tend to with the due course of justice, in turn including any action that circumvents a judgment or order of the Court.
The satisfaction of the learned Magistrate is a condition precedent to commencement of further proceedings before the court of competent jurisdiction.
As stated, the factum of his readiness and willingness to perform his part of the contract is to be adjudged with reference to the conduct of the party and the attending circumstances.
Therefore, the statement of witness A.D.2 Bhag Chand Khateek cannot be considered distrust worthy that his name in the charge sheet is not mentioned as witness.
Counsel submitted that the dying declaration of deceased Gowramma cannot be relied upon because PW-4 Dr. Parthasarathy has stated that he had given sedatives to the deceased.
They were thus contractual disputes in respect of which a writ court was not the proper forum.
The NGT thereafter discussed the ill-effects of the noise pollution by quoting various research and field studies.
It is for the legislature to take cognizance of situation of such teachers in various establishments where gratuity benefits are not available and think of a separate legislation for them in this regard.
Nor has it been shown that he has acquired special skill, knowledge and experience in the science of identification of fingerprints.
PW49/A, of the prosecutrix suggests that she was brought to the hospital in a traumatized state with grievous injuries and she was cold and clammy, i.e., whitish (due to vasoconstriction) and had lost a lot of blood.
There is, therefore, provocation and the incident happened at the spur of the moment.
In these circumstances, this judgment shall not affect the degree obtained by him and his practising as a doctor.
It was suggested that the reply to this query is that the Act itself being general and applicable to all persons and to all offences, cannot be said to discriminate in favour of or against any particular case or classes of persons or cases, and if any charge of discrimination can be leveled at all, it can be leveled only against the act of the executive authority if the Act is misused.
The respondents gave their names.
In such circumstances, the appellants would have to buy the shares at the quoted prices of Rs.18.60 per share, placing a financial burden on the appellants.
In such circumstances, the appellants would have to buy the shares at the quoted prices of Rs.18.60 per share, placing a financial burden on the appellants.
She has not even referred to the last visit of the deceased.
The provisions contained in this rule shall also apply to those disposed off cases, where the status of juvenility has not been determined in accordance with the provisions contained in sub- Try out our services: , and an ad-free experience.
It would, therefore, be violation of the agreement if such houses are retrieved before the lease period is over.
Shri Bhattacharjee also an employee of Marshalls added that what was manufactured indigenously was essential for the functioning of the plant.
Shri Bhattacharjee also an employee of Marshalls added that what was manufactured indigenously was essential for the functioning of the plant.
As the world's two largest democracies and dynamic economies with strong complementarities and common challenges, we have been natural partners in building an enduring friendship for our mutual benefit.
Both categories are vitally important in this case.
Such amendments shall not include new matter.
If any deficiency is still required to be removed, the same shall be removed by the institution within a specified time, and if the institution is a compliant institution, the request for confirmation of LOP for the academic year 2016-17 and renewal of permission for the academic year 2018-19 may be dealt with appropriately.
Under this Scheme, Rs 2. 5 lakhs as maximum margin money to general category and Rs 3. 00 lakhs as maximum margin money to women, weaker section, Minority, Physically handicapped, Hill Tribal Boarder Areas etc is provided by KVIC.
Thus, this Court did not interfere with the same being an interim order.
It not only recommended increase in punishment from 2 years to 5 years, it proposed a new section 304B for drivers who runaway without informing police within a reasonable time, that the punishment must be 7 years imprisonment.
After the Constitution came into force, the first case that arose was in relation to a complaint made by an eminent scientist Dr. Meghnath Saha against a Judge.
There is much that India can learn from Finland.
I am sure the State Government and other agencies are providing all possible assistance to the bereaved families as well as the best of medical attention to the injured.
The defence also examined one Penugonda Sreenivasulu (DW.1), who claimed to have prepared the site plan (Ex.X-1) but not on the basis of scale measurement.
On the other hand, the learned counsel appearing for the respondent- defendant had submitted that the amendment application was filed at a belated stage with an oblique motive.
The words “subject to  conveys the idea of a provision yielding place to another provision or other provisions to which it is made subject.
She appears to be a courageous lady who has, even after witnessing three gruesome murders, promptly lodged the FIR.
In distributing the assets including accumulated profits the liquidator acts merely as an agent or administrator for and on behalf of the Company.
Prioritisation in litigation has to be achieved with particular emphasis on welfare legislation, social reform, weaker sections and senior citizens and other categories requiring assistance must be given utmost priority.
Here we are not concerned with the effect of the breach of a mandatory provision regulating the competence or procedure of the Court as regards cognizance or trial.
Thereafter, if he divorces her, she shall no longer remain lawful for him unless she marries a man other than him.
It generates employment in several ways like in production, processing, distribution, packaging etc.
Mr. Ramachandran has number of times submitted before us that because of the humiliation faced, the 5th respondent decided not to continue in the post of the Chairman also.
Printed Publicity - Booklets, folders, posters, leaflets, calendars, diaries etc.
Therefore, this sub-section contemplates existence of some evidence appearing in the course of trial wherefrom the court can prima facie conclude that the person not arraigned before it is also involved in the commission of the crime for which he can be tried with those already named by the police.
Therefore, this sub-section contemplates existence of some evidence appearing in the course of trial wherefrom the court can prima facie conclude that the person not arraigned before it is also involved in the commission of the crime for which he can be tried with those already named by the police.
The view has been that a letters patent appeal cannot be ousted by implication but the right of an appeal under the Letters Patent can be taken away by an express provision in an appropriate legislation.
Therefore, the legal disqualifications that prevent a person from holding office outside a party should operate within the party as well.‖ ―To tackle the menace of wilful concealment of information or furnishing of false information and to protect the right to information of the electors, the Commission recommended that the punishment under Section 125A of RPA must be made more stringent by providing for imprisonment of a minimum term of two years and by doing away with the alternative clause for fine.
However, an exception to the operation of clause 4 is carved out for commercial organisations if the expenses were reasonable and related to promotion, performance of a contract or the 40 organisation had adequate procedures to prevent persons from engaging in such conduct.
It provides direct employment to over 35 million people.
Presently, we are required to sit in the time machine for a while.
The benefits of the Scheme have also been extended to the families of ex - servicemen of the armed and paramilitary forces killed in action.
After completion of the investigating (sic.) permission u/s 45 of Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967 sanction for prosecution is required to be obtained for filing the charge sheet against all the accused persons.
The NEET would be a nationwide common examination to be held at different places in the country so that all students aspiring to have medical education, can appear in the examination and ultimately, on the basis of the result of the examination, suitability and eligibility of the students for admission to the medical profession can be determined.
The interim resolution professional or the resolution professional, as the case may be, shall provide an updated list of creditors in each class to the respective authorised representative as and when the list is updated.
The High Court therefore relied upon the witnesses’ statements with regard to the confessions that they made.
Any such interpretation shall be completely contrary to the legislative intent, extending the Rules beyond what the Act provides for and limits.
The sample with the stock of Poppy Husk was properly sealed and deposited with the malkhana immediately as per the procedure prescribed as well, he urged.
In fact we are unable even to conceive such an argument for the reason to be presently stated.
Hence, in this case, raising the plea of limitation and Court exercising the discretion to condone the delay did not arise at all.
While living in these facilities, Leprosy patients enjoy the freedom of movement, regular communication and the right to vote.
The valuation of Rs.75 crores approximately in 2008 was unrealistic, solely on the basis of oral communication from the Collector said to be based upon valuation for commercial plot and not for an industrial plot.
As a logical corollary, tariff has to be levied as meant for manufacturing unit.
Thus, partially blind and partially deaf having physical requirements, as noticed above, were identified for the post of Civil Judge(Junior Division).
It is well settled that a public body invested with statutory powers must take care not to exceed or abuse its power.
It is well settled that a public body invested with statutory powers must take care not to exceed or abuse its power.
From a net food grains importing country, India is now a leading exporter of food commodities.
Services  constitute a heterogeneous spectrum of economic activities.
Bhat (supra).
It is further submitted that in such cases, particularly in tax matters, law is declared prospectively and the reason behind such prospective application is to save the taxes which has been already collected.
Sometimes it is the correctional needs of the perpetrator that are offered to justify a sentence; sometimes the desirability of keeping him out of circulation, and sometimes even the tragic results of his crime.
His explanation is that he was asked to sign on two blank papers by the police.
His explanation is that he was asked to sign on two blank papers by the police.
Mr. Bagaria, learned senior counsel for the assessee urged that the changes brought about by the amendment to Chapter Note 3 of Chapter 33 is of no significance since HSN Notes to Chapter Note 3 of Chapter 33 is exactly the same as in the Central Excise Tariff prior to amendment.
The principles for challenging the constitutionality of a statute are quite different.
Heard on admission.
I am told that the bank has embarked into new areas and diversified its services considerably.
Information Dissemination: About government schemes, entitlements, etc.
Koshti were the same as Halba, mentioned in the Constitution (Scheduled Tribes) Order.
It is a worrisome indicator that no single engineering institute or a university from India is ranked within the top two hundred universities in the world as per reputed international surveys.
They perform an apolitical, non-executive role and preside over various city-related functions and conferences.
Knowledge of firm: - He should be fully conversant with the history of the firm.
The second respondent is a State organ designed to invade individual freedom and whose purpose is to constrict individual freedom.
It needs no saying that the weapon of such a nature cannot be acquired and/or possessed without incurring any appreciable expenditure.
The learned counsel for the respondents, to the contrary has asserted that not only the appellants have failed to demonstrate by adducing cogent and convincing evidence that the temple and the premises thereof had not been endowed to the public, the contemporaneous entry in the Register of Endowments maintained in the official course of business and published in the Official Gazette leaves no manner of doubt that the temple is a public temple.
It would also be inexpedient to make any attempt to evolve such a rule or formula.
There shall be no order as to costs. ...
He further contended that in the case on hand, no such notice is issued by either of the parties and therefore the Awards are operative and binding in law upon the parties.
He further contended that in the case on hand, no such notice is issued by either of the parties and therefore the Awards are operative and binding in law upon the parties.
In the case at hand, when an order of quashment of summons has been obtained by suppression, this Court has an obligation to set aside the said order and restore the order framing charges and direct the trial to go on.
In the case at hand, when an order of quashment of summons has been obtained by suppression, this Court has an obligation to set aside the said order and restore the order framing charges and direct the trial to go on.
Sojourning in the beautiful Kumaun region of Uttarakhand with its majestic, snow clad mountains, lakes and rich plethora of flora and fauna, not only enables one to constantly think about the Himalayas but to behold their pristine magnificence time and again.
In India, the problem is more acute due to shortage of trained surgeons to handle accident trauma, poor diagnostic 28 infrastructure in government hospitals and because of grossly insufficient ambulance services in rural and semi-urban areas.
I also assured the accused that I would pay them the said amount at the time of harvesting the crop.
I also assured the accused that I would pay them the said amount at the time of harvesting the crop.
Thus, his participation in the incident of August 1942 was rightly disbelieved.
It itself reflects that there is no monitoring system by the MCD to control the plying of unlicenced rickshaws on the road.
The query was answered by concluding, that it would make no difference whether it related to one case, or a large number of cases.
As pointed out in the earlier part of this order the decision to cancel the tender process was in no way discriminatory or mala fide.
These teachers should be encouraged to create a wider network of such educators to share their knowledge, wisdom and philosophy with larger number of students in the region and the country.
The decision of the appellate court (the High Court), therefore, is liable to be set aside.
The expression “internal disturbance  has a wider connotation than “armed rebellion  in the sense that “armed rebellion  is likely to pose a threat to the security of the country or a part thereof, while “internal disturbance , though serious in nature, would not pose a threat to the security of the country or a part thereof.
The nomination wherever provided for is also not automatic.
A crime never dies.
NCHF has made major head way in promoting and strengthening housing co - operatives and has assisted a number of States in setting up of State level co - operative housing federations.
In the light of the legislative aim it is necessary to give purposive interpretation to with a view to achieve the legislative intendment of attaining equalization of opportunities for persons with disabilities.
In contrast to such simple reference, legal incidents of legislation by incorporation is that it becomes part of the existing law which implies bodily lifting provisions of one enactment and making them part of another and in such cases subsequent amendments in the incorporated Act could not be treated as part of the incorporating Act.
In per-capita terms, India’s Greenhouse Gas emissions of 1 ton/annum are just about a quarter of the global average of 4 tons per annum, 4% of the US, 12% of EU, 15% of Japan.
The result of those proceedings was to sell the assets of the firm and distribute the share thereof to the erstwhile partners.
Consequently, this C482 petition is dismissed with direction to the trial court that if the accused applicants surrender and file application for bail, their bail application shall be considered and decided as far as possible on the same day.
It was pointed out, that even the act of adoption of a child, in some other family, has religious ceremonies.
Therefore, having regard to the period of unauthorised absence and facts and circumstances of the case, we deem it proper to treat the unauthorised absence period as leave without wages.
Such an interpretation therefore naturally has to be avoided.
For example, credit insurance by New India Assurance Company Limited.
Otherwise the court will be substituting its wisdom to that of the legislature, which is impermissible in our constitutional democracy.
India is committed to further strengthening and expanding these ties and we know that so is Nepal.
This will ensure our compliance with the UNCAC.
Members of the Board noted the same and then they unanimously resolved as under: RESOLVED THAT resignation tendered by Ms. Pooja Devidasani be and is hereby accepted from the conclusion of this Board Meeting'.
Provided that for reasons to be recorded in writing, the Special Court, competent to try the case under the Act, may permit such disclosure, if in its opinion such disclosure is in the interest of the child.
As both these appeals arise out of the impugned common judgment and order passed by the High Court and are between the same parties, the same are being disposed of by this common judgment.
Section 5 contemplates special measures for issuance of Aadhaar number to children.
The Appellant No.1 medical college would thus be governed by the provisions of 2006 Act, as amended from time to time.
That certainly was not the object with which the notification had been issued.
Along with the ‘Restatement of Values of Judicial Life’, an ‘In-House Procedure’ for dealing with misbehavior or even ‘deviant behaviour’ was issued.
It is unnecessary for us to pronounce on any further aspect, including the aspect of late payment and late opening of Letter of Credit.
The effect of the impugned order and this Court’s order is that two pending appeals (212/2018 and 221/2018) will now be heard and decided by the Commissioner State Excise on merits, in accordance with law and without being influenced by any observations made by this Court and the High Court in the impugned order.
The wife had conceived in December, 2008 came to New Delhi in June 2009 and stayed there with her parents and she gave birth to a girl child in August, 2009 at Delhi.
Since then the subject property is said to be lying sealed.
The ages of ten to fifty have been marked out for exclusion on the ground that women in that age group are likely to be in the procreative age.
But citizens must also work in tandem and support the Government in its efforts.
Pointing out the consequence of accelerated seniority to the roster point promotee, it has been averred in the writ petition that the roster point promotee would reach the third level by the age of 45 and fourth, fifth and sixth level in next three, two and two years.
The care of children is not for rearing the smaller child but also to look after any of their needs like examination, sickness etc. Sub Rule (3) of Rule 43-C allows woman government employee to combine CCL with leave of any other kind.
The court is required to state the reasons for the sentence awarded and in the case of death sentence “special reasons  are required to be stated; that is to say, only special facts and circumstances will warrant the passing of the death sentence.
In Allauddin Mian and others Vs State of Bihar (1989) 3 SCC 5, the Supreme Court laid down certain broad guidelines for determining choice of sentence by Courts.
The court is required to state the reasons for the sentence awarded and in the case of death sentence “special reasons  are required to be stated; that is to say, only special facts and circumstances will warrant the passing of the death sentence. In Allauddin Mian and others Vs State of Bihar (1989) 3 SCC 5, the Supreme Court laid down certain broad guidelines for determining choice of sentence by Courts.
After saying so, this Court concluded that the complainant can choose any one of the five places to file a complaint.
These contentions found favour with the High Court who allowed O.P. No.5834 of 1991 filed by the respondent by its order dated 15th December, 1998 and quashed the ongoing enquiry proceedings.
The expression ‘absolutely free’ occurring in the Australian Constitution was consciously not adopted in the framing of India’s Constitution.
There are 970 senior resident posts in these medical colleges, 524 of which are vacant.
If it applies to all trade and commerce, inter-State and intra-State alike, it is less likely to be protectionist than if there is discrimination appearing on the face of the law.
Voluntary retirement is a condition of service created by statutory provision whereas resignation is an implied term of any employer- employee relationship.
A disciplinary authority is not expected to dispense with a disciplinary inquiry lightly or arbitrarily or out of ulterior motives or merely in order to avoid the holding of an inquiry or because the Department's case against the government servant is weak and must fail.
And one cannot expect people to make very precise or reliable estimates in such matters.
Any other view in this regard will be directly inconsistent with the power conferred on the highest constitutional court.
In this regard I was direction to say that for the allotment of FPS shop in the rural and urban area, according to the above arrangement Horizontal reservation is also approved, under which there is arrangement to give 02% reservation to the candidate of handicapped persons.
Victim may be unable to extend the neck, or the head may constantly lean to one side.
Yet in the realm of law the courts and even the statutes lean strongly in favour of finality of decision legally and properly made.
Provided further that in relation to the Jammu and Kashmir Human Rights Commission, this sub-section shall have effect as if for the words and figures “List II and List III in the Seventh Schedule to the Constitution , the words and figures “List III in the Seventh Schedule to the Constitution as applicable to the State of Jammu and Kashmir and in respect of matters in relation to which the Legislature of that State has power to make laws  had been substituted.
However, we are (sic not) confronted with any such situation here.
To protect and preserve the sanctity and the fair name of the institution including the reputation of the Office of the Director of CBI, we are not deliberately giving out elaborate reasons.
It must be remembered that when she gave her evidence, she was 65 years of age.
Beg, C.J. posed the question with regard to understanding of special rules relating to the construction of Constitution in general or of our Constitution in particular.
The appellant claimed that due to his good performance, his Branch won the award of Best Branch of the Year.
It terminated at the upper part of lower lobe of the left lung.
In the first place, I would like to know the real intention with which this clause has been introduced.
When the Original Package No. 4 TD has been split-up into five different Packages, GPL is not right in contending that inspite of split-up of the work, the Original Package No.4 TD collectively covered all the five Packages.
It is submitted by Shri Sunil Kumar that the High Court has failed to appreciate the fact that though during seven years and three months experience shown in her application, the appellant might have been appointed as Management Trainee and Assistant Company Secretary and consequently might not have been actually appointed as the Company Secretary, however, the appellant was discharging certain or some functions/duties during the period of a Company Secretary.
It is submitted by Shri Sunil Kumar that the High Court has failed to appreciate the fact that though during seven years and three months experience shown in her application, the appellant might have been appointed as Management Trainee and Assistant Company Secretary and consequently might not have been actually appointed as the Company Secretary, however, the appellant was discharging certain or some functions/duties during the period of a Company Secretary.
Further, clause (1) of also stipulates that the said Administrator shall be appointed by the President with such designation as he may specify.
This being a very important and sensitive issue, an early action in the matter will be highly appreciated.
I would also like to felicitate parents of Lt Cdr Abhilash Tomy and, the mentor of the project VAdm (Retd) MP Awati.
In 1961, sub-section (3) of was substituted and a new provision, sub-section (3A) was introduced.
This water can be recharged to aquifer and can be utilized gainfully at the time of need.
By a Resolution passed in 2010, the National Commission for Backward Classes resolved that till the Central List for the State of Uttarakhand was finalized, the List that was in operation in the State of Uttar Pradesh will be followed for appointment to the Central posts reserved for OBCs.
The case should not rest only on surmises and conjectures.
This trauma centre shall be treated as an extension centre of the Safdarjung Hospital, New Delhi which is close to Uphaar Theatre and was the accident site which is hard pressed for space and desperately needs expansion considering the enormous number of patients who go there for treatment.
It is also submitted that mental cruelty was clearly established and in any event the marriage has broken down irretrievably and on that score alone the decree for divorce should have been passed.
It is also submitted that mental cruelty was clearly established and in any event the marriage has broken down irretrievably and on that score alone the decree for divorce should have been passed.
It was further submitted that since all the essential elements of the arbitration are present, clumsy drafting will not make any difference in interpretation of the Arbitration clause.
He also mentioned the date and time as 05.03.2003 at 11.10 p.m.
And lastly for aiding and abetting the co-accused Shabir (AA) and Jamir (A-133) having possession and carrying fire arms and ammunition under Section 6 TADA.
The facts, in brief, of the case of Durai Muthuswami are that the Petitioner in the election petition contested in the election to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from Sankarapuram constituency.
Our men made sacrifices with a sense of pride and righteousness which needs to be recognized and celebrated.
Precedents under have arisen against State action, and not been rendered in a PIL.
All such prayers made in 1953, 1968, 1971, 1982 and 1994 had been rejected.
It would not be legally correct to make such a distinction in respect of lift, for the contract itself profoundly speaks of obligation to supply goods and materials as well as installation of the lift which obviously conveys performance of labour and service.
The aforesaid decisions are to be appositely appreciated.
Erle C.J. expressed it in this way.
It is also submitted by Mr. Luthra that mitigating circumstances are required to be considered in the light of the offence and not alone on the backdrop of age and family background.
Counsel submits that the Tribunal proceeded on the manifestly erroneous basis that the claimant suffered a permanent disability.
They are embarrassed that people may stare or laugh at them and may hesitate to leave their homes fearing an adverse reaction from the outside world.
When your RTI application has been physically transferred to other public authority, which is not aligned to this portal.
Different High Courts and this Court have passed several orders constituting Special Investigation Team to carry out investigations in cases where such requirement was found necessary.
For the purpose of getting his rights determined, the appellant has also filed Civil Suit which is spending before the trial court.
The ambiguity was precisely on the question as to whether the assessing officer was precluded from granting an extension of time of his own accord merely because the assessee was permitted to apply for an extension.
The ambiguity was precisely on the question as to whether the assessing officer was precluded from granting an extension of time of his own accord merely because the assessee was permitted to apply for an extension.
Great strides have been made since this decision in UK, United States, as well as in our country.
On 23.11.2001 the CM No. 1965 of 2001 was disposed of by the Full Bench by the impugned order.
The appellants joined Indian Navy as Direct Entry Artificers.
Learned senior counsel for the petitioner informs the Court that in the light of the further developments and the Board of Governors of the LABOURFED having been placed under suspension, appeal against which is pending before the authority, he withdraws the writ petition with liberty to again approach the Court, if necessary.
It does, however, preclude any direct or indirect contact between competitors, the object or effect of which is to create conditions of competition which do not correspond to the normal competitive conditions of the market in question, regard being had to the nature of the products or services offered, the size and number of the undertakings, and the volume of the said market.
Both of them had engaged in conversation for about one hour, while sitting in the verandah of the hostel and also had tea together.
For all these reasons, we are not inclined to interfere with the order of the Tribunal on sentence inasmuch the effect is that not only seniority of the respondent is forfeited by 24 months, he is also deprived of his salary for more than five years.
Here, the principle expressed in the maxim generalia specialibus non derogant would apply which means that if a special provision has been made on a certain matter, that matter is excluded from the general provisions.
In an endeavour to justify the appointment of a legal person to man this office, the petitioner submitted that the very nature and significance of the functions discharged by the Registrar or his nominee, would manifest that knowledge of law and practice is dispensable to effectively carry out those functions inasmuch as such presiding officer is supposed to be conversant with the provisions of Civil Procedure Code, Law of Evidence,, Criminal Procedure, etc.
However, in the case of the OBC candidates, the number of attempts permitted to both physically fit candidates and those with disability is seven.
The language machine translation system development, optical character recognition, on - line handwriting recognition system, Cross - Lingual Information and communication resources to achieve long - term research efforts are being made.
Religious activities may also be mixed up with secular activities, in which case the dominant nature of the activity test is to be applied.
Among the dignitaries present on the occasion were Union Minister of Finance, Shri P. Chidambaram, Minister of State for Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME), Shri K.H. Muniyappa, Deputy Chairman of Rajya Sabha, Prof. P.J. Kurien and Minister of State for Human Resource Development, Dr. Shashi Tharoor.
When it is so used, those words and phrases must be construed as comprehending not only such things as they signify according to their nature and import but also those things which the interpretation clause declares that they shall include.
When it is so used, those words and phrases must be construed as comprehending not only such things as they signify according to their nature and import but also those things which the interpretation clause declares that they shall include.
Mr T.R. Andhyarujina also opposed the operation of disqualification upon framing of charges though for different reasons.
It is suggested that the creation of the Consumer Welfare Fund is a mere pretence and not an honest exercise.
Thus, the Chancellor was not required to give any personal hearing to the petitioners while disagreeing with them.
As a close friend and neighbour, India will continue to do its best to assist Nepal in its socio-economic development.
However, it is important to add a note of caution.
In that order the Bank was granted liberty to conduct fresh sale in accordance with the law.
We are of the considered opinion that the essence of all the applications and orders filed before the courts below is same.
It cannot be regulated by legislation alone.
It was observed by Justice Khehar in Natural Resources Allocation that material resources of the country should not be dissipated free of cost or at a consideration lower than their actual worth.
It was observed by Justice Khehar in Natural Resources Allocation that material resources of the country should not be dissipated free of cost or at a consideration lower than their actual worth.
Yet, it is now a universally accepted fact that information and data flow are 'increasingly central to social and economic ordering'.
Shri Rameshwar Thakur was a veteran Congress leader and able administrator who contributed to the nation’s growth and welfare.
The appeal preferred by the Petitioner was also rejected.
The Suit No.100/89 filed by the respondents-plaintiffs is dismissed and the judgment of the trial court shall stand restored.
Increasing farm incomes is also necessary for an equitable growth.
As there is a close relation between the equality and justice, it should be clearly discernible as to how the two prosecutions under IPC are different in nature and therefore are given different treatment.
The modern approach should be to reform a person instead of branding him a criminal all his life.
In view thereof, the punishment of compulsory retirement shocks the conscience of the court and by no stretch of imagination can it be held to be proportionate or commensurate to the delinquency committed by and proved against the appellant.
The vacillating stand of the appellant himself leaves this Court satisfied that he was not telling the truth.
The State Amendment, by no means, sets the law in a collision course with the Central/Principal enactment.
Per contra, the respondent-State has maintained that the Government was well within its powers to take a policy decision of granting relaxation to the reserved category candidates.
No such impermissible classification is made in the instant case as made by the Madras Amendment Act which was struck down by this Court.
It is attributable to factors such as industrial and service sectors concentrating in and around urban areas due to better access to material inputs, larger concentration of consumers, better networking opportunities spawned by knowledge sharing, skilled manpower and globalisation.
Rajniti Prasad Singh and Others, AIR 1936 PC 189, mortgage lands were in the Sonthal Parganas, State of Bihar and also in the Gaya district of State of Bihar.
Clauses (b) to (f) recorded that amounts were to be paid on or before a specified date towards part payment of the agreed consideration.
The total land area was 1053 acres for the small car project and 200 acres in Telipukur mouza for the township.
The jurisdiction to interfere under is extraordinary and the power vested in this Court is not exercised to upset concurrent findings of fact recorded by the two Courts below on a proper appreciation of evidence.
India Pvt. Ltd.93 (“Goa Sampling ).
That without prejudice to the right of the parties to subsequently agree otherwise in writing, the juridical seat (or legal place) of arbitration for the purposes of the arbitration initiated under the claimants' notice of arbitration dated 16-12-2010 shall be London, England.
A conclusion with which Justice Dharamadhikari expressly agreed[13].
More importantly, the appellant has in para 2 asserted that the respondent is a tenant in shop no.4 under the appellant since the same was demised in 1989 on a monthly rent of Rs.400/-.
More importantly, the appellant has in para 2 asserted that the respondent is a tenant in shop no.4 under the appellant since the same was demised in 1989 on a monthly rent of Rs.400/-.
Learned senior counsel firstly contended that the appellant being the purchaser of the suit property is a necessary and proper party for the complete and effective adjudication of the suit.
According to him, the 1947 Act did not survive beyond the final accession of the State of Mysore to the Union of India and ―Standstill Agreement‖ entered into by the Government of India with various Indian States including the provincial State of Mysore were purely temporary arrangements designed to maintain status quo in respect of administrative matters.
Under article 75(3) of the Constitution, the Council of Ministers is collectively responsible to Lok Sabha which means Rajya Sabha cannot make or unmake the Government.
It proceeds on the same reasoning as that of Pune Municipal Corpn.
In any event, the objection was raised before the hearing of the appeals commenced and that is good enough.
Let us, on this day further strengthen our resolve to contribute whole-heartedly to the nation’s progress and happiness.
Criminal law is a subject which falls within the Concurrent List.
Similarly, the cost of the land is required to be excluded from the total agreement value.
Our national narrative has been shaped by the principles of its past, triumphs of today and is now ready to own the future by powering its latent potential.
A.2 agreement was prepared in Navayuga Hotel at Vijayawada.
Prosecution has to produce evidence not only to show that each of the accused has knowledge of the object of conspiracy but also of the agreement.
It is more a rule of practical wisdom than of law (vide .[8], [9], [10] and (supra).
Very significantly, in their writ petition the respondents do not state when they acquired title.
We may just illustrate the difference of the law by one more example.
On the basis of the aforesaid report of the Commission of Enquiry, a departmental enquiry was ordered to be held against the applicant which was conducted by Shri Vishal Singh, D.S.P. Panchkula.
Such an observation is in consonance with the answer to question no.2.
J Leave granted.
It further transpired during investigation that the said conspiracy was hatched in order to strike terror in people as well as to affect adversely the harmony between Hindus and Muslims and also to wage war against the Central and the State Government.
This Court considered the issue of anticipatory bail where such provision does not apply.
Thus the statutory provision is to the effect that the Chief Minister can continue to occupy the official accommodation for a further period of 15 days after completion of his/her term.
Her father-in-law and mother- in-law live in Village Koleth.
Correction Application no.1 of 2019 Heard learned counsel for the applicant.
The golden rule of interpretation is that words should be read in the ordinary, natural and grammatical meaning and the principle of harmonious construction merely applies the rule that where there is a general provision of law dealing with a subject, and a special provision dealing with the same subject, the special prevails over the general.
The sum of Rs.250 crores has also not been deposited.
All the tenants including the respondent herein entered appearance and filed their written statements.
261) In the light of the above evidence, it is established that the appellant had thrown hand grenade towards the aircraft thereby causing explosion and consequent damage.
Weeding should be done from time to time and infected seedlings should be rogued out from the nursery.
Further, we are of the view that even in a subsidiary company which is an independent corporate entity, if any other company is holding shares, by itself is no ground to order impleadment of parent company per se.
Further, we are of the view that even in a subsidiary company which is an independent corporate entity, if any other company is holding shares, by itself is no ground to order impleadment of parent company per se.
In fact while determining the multiplicand this Court in held that even dearness allowance and perks with regard thereto from which the family would have derived monthly benefit, must be taken into consideration.
Hence, the appellant cannot place reliance on the decision of this Court on the case of Shri Krishna Pandey (supra), when the charges framed against him by the disciplinary authority pertain to a matter as serious as smuggling contraband ganja.
These provisions set out the impediments, infirmities or eventualities that would render a particular provision of a contract or the whole contract void or voidable.
In order to avail these discounts and rebates, senior citizens have to show proof of their age at the time of booking.
It was submitted that the entry relating to mines refers to processing, treating or transporting the mineral.
By order dated 19.12.2015, the Appellate Court dismissed the appeal and affirmed the order of the Prescribed Authority.
Let us examine what the appellate Tribunal said about the complaint of the appellant based on Section 38 of the DVC Act.
Further, learned counsel submitted that even a private function which is performed for public benefit would be a public function.
When he reached, he found crowd having gathered in front of the Court and found shutter of the Courtroom closed.
Dr. Singhvi argued that there is no breach whatsoever of the Regulations inasmuch as the suit, based upon a Corporate Guarantee to enforce its terms, is filed by an Indian company, namely, the debenture trustee IDBI Trusteeship Pvt. Ltd., against another Indian company namely Hubtown Ltd, the beneficiary being a subsidiary of Hubtown namely Vinca, which is also an Indian company.
Rev. Bishop S.K. Patro, where the impugned order of the Secretary to the Government dated 22nd May, 1967, set aside the order passed by the President of the Board of Secondary Education.
The explanation by the Central Government for not adopting the competitive bidding is that coal is a natural resource used as a raw material in several basic industries like power generation, iron and steel and cement.
There is no dispute that the motor vehicle in question, by which accident took place, was Mahindra Maxi Cab.
There is no dispute that the motor vehicle in question, by which accident took place, was Mahindra Maxi Cab.
In the case on hand, Vandana died within 3 years of her marriage at the instance of her mother- in-law and sisters-in-law due to the harassment meted out to her because of the inability to conceive a child and she was poured kerosene and burnt to death.
Be that as it may, the application under Order VII Rule 11 deserves consideration at the threshold.
Power of entry, search, seizure and arrest without warrant or authorization.
I am glad to know the NSS has completed 98 years of existence and that the Delhi NSS has been in existence for over three decades.
The arrest of the accused on 28.5.2010 and the recovery of boy from Dausa, Jaipur has been proved by PW.
A chart showing the matching of the DNA of the different accused with DNA profiles from stains on different articles found and recovered from the Kuber is annexed at the end of the judgment as Schedule III.
It is concerned with all economic and financial matters affecting the country as a whole.
However, what needs to be kept in mind is that these appellants had not taken out legal proceedings after the judgment in Abdul Rashid Rather's case.
We have a long standing and fruitful collaboration in the railways sector.
Parti- _ cipation was to be invited in the process of recommending law reforms and partici- pation may be advisedly introduced in the administration of justice.
Courts are not concerned with the policy involved or that the results are injurious or otherwise, which may follow from giving effect to the language used.
Courts are not concerned with the policy involved or that the results are injurious or otherwise, which may follow from giving effect to the language used.
The reasons why I am unable to adopt the view propounded in the judgment of the learned Chief Justice will be delivered separately.
The need for a sector specific manual arose because the 2006 notification “re-engineered the entire EC process  under its earlier avatar of 1994 and new sectors were incorporated into the ambit of the EC process.
He, thereafter, appealed to the British government in Madras to initiate the process for starting a college in Kottayam.
After the 46th Amendment, it has become possible for the States to levy sales tax on the value of goods involved in a works contract in the same way in which the sales tax was leviable on the price of the goods and materials supplied in a building contract which had been entered into in two distinct and separate parts as stated above…….
The contention advanced on behalf of the petitioners, noticed in the foregoing paragraph, has been vehemently opposed by learned counsel for the leaseholders.
Rainfall, maximum, minimum and grass minimum temperatures, sunshine and wind speed are based on the observations recorded at0830hours I. S. T. each day.
Further, as stated above, assessee(s) markets the agricultural produce of its members.
Although abortion is still illegal in many countries, the women’s movement the world over has articulated legal, safe, affordable and accessible abortion as a right.
Sharia of different States and Imarra-e-Sharia, Phulwari Shariff have established Dar-ul-Qazas, spread all over the country.
212. Investigation into affairs of Company by Serious Fraud Investigation Office.
It was contended therein that the DSSSB has to follow the requisition given by MCD for undertaking selection process and as such the DSSSB being merely an agency to conduct the interviews/tests and prepare the panel cannot lay down its own criteria for scrutinizing the eligible candidates by fixing minimum qualifying marks.
It was contended therein that the DSSSB has to follow the requisition given by MCD for undertaking selection process and as such the DSSSB being merely an agency to conduct the interviews/tests and prepare the panel cannot lay down its own criteria for scrutinizing the eligible candidates by fixing minimum qualifying marks.
It was stated that seven named persons including present four appellants and some other unknown persons had come to the agricultural field of the informant while harvesting operations were going on and had opened an assault.
Learned counsel urged that out of 59 sale deeds, two pieces of land were sold at the rate of Rs.4,500/- per square yard whereas remaining lands were also sold at different rates ranging between Rs.200/- to Rs.4,500/- per square yard.
However, the First Appellate Court observed that even though the transactions with defendant Nos. 4 to 6 were hit by the doctrine of lis pendens, but the same would not affect the validity of sale deeds executed in their favour, as the alleged agreements were executed only for the purpose of collateral security for the loan advanced.
ADR methods will really achieve the goal of rendering social justice to the people, which really is the goal of the successful judicial system.
The State Government contended that several women performers are victims of illegal trafficking, or minors, and dance bars are used for soliciting flesh trade.
Chhattisgarh is a new state with rich ancient history and a glorious cultural heritage.
The age of dependants, has to be determined either by production of Documentary evidence as specified in Regulation 80 (2) or Age certified by Medical Officer In charge of Government Hospital or Dispensary.
Assuming (whilst denying) that stood effectively “repealed  on and after 13.12.2000, there is nothing to suggest that the intention of the legislature was to completely disrupt the foundational arrangement amongst shareholders across the country in tens of thousands of private limited companies.
In Shaji C. Varkey’s case (supra), the Division Bench rightly held that the landlord cannot exercise an option to acquire the building materials alone.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee will receive visiting Heads of State/Government of the ASEAN-India Special Commemorative Summit tomorrow (December 20, 2012) at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
There is no such data readily available to them.
The state as the employer is entitled to prescribe the qualifications as a condition of eligibility.
Since the first question, as per submissions of all the parties is no longer relevant on account of subsequent amendment of the Act, we take note of only the other relevant question requiring answer by this Bench.
It covers subsidies, benefits or services that are charged to the Consolidated Fund of India; the connect being either in regard to the source of expenditure or the receipts.
They represent the current focus of academic communities world wide – and are an area where the academic community in both China and India could collaborate to great mutual benefit.
The petitioners’ grievance is that the impugned memoranda deprive them of the statutory benefit of reservation under the 1995 Act w.r.t.
We have noted that in this case reliance is not merely placed on of the Limitation Act.
The spot panchnama was prepared in the presence of the staff.
Lack of bona fides imputable to a party seeking condonation of delay is a significant and relevant fact.
The conversion of cloth into garment could be done by any person on behalf of the women workers.
The conversion of cloth into garment could be done by any person on behalf of the women workers.
Gobind resorted to the compelling state interest standard in addition to the reasonableness enquiry.
The Consumer Protection Act, 1986 (External website that opens in a new window) (68 of 1986).
In terms of Section 3 of the Police Act, 1861, the State has the ultimate say in the matter of superintendence of investigation.
If the Government is the exclusive owner of those privileges, reliance on or becomes irrelevant.
If, therefore, the evidence regarding the demand and acceptance of a bribe leaves room for doubt and does not displace wholly, the presumption of innocence, the charge cannot be said to have been established.
Pertinently, PW-8 stated that some of their party leaders had visited them in Sattenapalli hospital.
The provision under Section 29 which permits sharing of identity information except core biometric information in accordance with the Act and Regulations cannot be said to be disproportionate nor unreasonable.
Every application for an order under sub-section (1) shall be made by motion, which shall, except when the applicant is the Advocate-General of the State, be supported by affidavit or affirmation.
So far seventeen Conferences have been held.
With reference to the interplay between the Legislature and the Executive, this Court acknowledged the supremacy of the Legislature over the Executive and held that, under the Constitution, the Governor who exercises executive power is nevertheless a formal or constitutional head of the Executive, with the real executive power vested in the Council of Ministers.
One concrete mixer and one pump are essentially required for doing the work.
We could manage to provide safety and security to maximum number of livestock, people and property located in the path of the approaching storms.
In light of the above legal position, it is evident that the Appellant would be entitled to the benefit of the 2000 Act if his age is determined to be below 18 years on the date of commission of the offence.
The blue coloured Maruti Car bearing Regn.
Would a mother who believes that her daughter had been poisoned/strangulated, restrain herself from recording her statement, despite the persuasion of her husband?
Rent, royalty or tax has already been recovered by the State Government and, therefore, there is no demand under that Head.
The healing touch of acupressure reduces tension, increases circulation, and enables the body to relax deeply.
If you have asthma, the inside walls of your airways are inflamed (swollen).
If the answer to this question is in the affirmative, as held by all the courts concurrently, there is nothing further to be said.
However, the Appellants have contended that this IPLA is not a concluded contract.
In the entire debate, no substance of any other kind came under discussion.
He stated that he looked forward to the transformation into practical reality of the ideas being germinated at the conclave.
These cry for maximum sentence.
Only because they did not find themselves to have emerged successful as a result of their combined performance both at written test and oral interview, they have filed this petition.
The fundamental duties itself are enshrined under which require observance.
The maxim actus curiae neminem gravabit, which means that the act of the court shall prejudice no one, becomes applicable in such a case.
The maxim actus curiae neminem gravabit, which means that the act of the court shall prejudice no one, becomes applicable in such a case.
During the last week of January, 1993 he along with Shafi (AA), A-11, Anwar, Rafiq Madi (A-46) and A-12 participated in the landing at Shekhadi.
They asked for a T-shirt and purchased a jersey.
Distinct statutory provisions will be treated as involving separate offences for double jeopardy purposes only if ‘each provision requires proof of an additional fact which the other does not’ (Blockburger v. United States).
The High Court has considered this TIP to be without blemish and role of A-6 has been considered in the following manner: Insofar as deposition of PW-18 is concerned, we have already dealt with the same while considering Criminal Appeal No. 701 of 2012 who had turned hostile fearing his own safety.
Feeling aggrieved by the continuance of the interim order passed on 11th November, 2016 the concerned manufacturer and supplier of fireworks moved I.A. No.52448 of 2017 for modification/vacation of the said order.
The post-mortem of the dead body revels that death is due to Cardiac de-compensation due to enlarged atrial Septal Defect and pulmonary Hypertension (As per board of doctors) The CFSL report of the viscera reveals negative tests for common poison.
This being the position in law, there is a necessity of giving justice to the victims of a crime and by arriving at a fair balance, awarding a just sentence to the convicts by treating them in a manner that tends to assist in their rehabilitation.
It is an accepted principle of interpretation of statutes that where an inadvertent grammatical or other error has palpably crept into the legislation, the Court is at liberty to disregard the error in applying the statute.
I will appreciate if the Ministry of Law & Justice keeps the Law Commission informed of the follow-up action taken in the matter of these reports as also the difficulties experienced in the im- plementation so that a two way traffic will expeditiously resolve the problems that may confront introduction of judicial reforms.
It is seen from the Cabinet Note on extension of the incentive of concessional rate of CST @ 1 per cent beyond 31.03.2009 to industrial enterprises of the State of Himachal Pradesh prepared on 19.05.2009, the issue whether the concession should be extended beyond 31.03.2009 for some more time, was specifically addressed.
This constitutes a serious omission which casts a doubt on the theory propounded by the prosecution.
DNA consists of four nitrogenous bases – adenine, thymine, cytosine, guanine and phosphoric acid arranged in a regular structure.
He was totally oblivious of the fact that the appellants had already utilised substantial portion of their land for establishing Stud Farm and for other activities, like, animal husbandry, agriculture, horticulture, nursery and dairy farming and had also constructed a large number of buildings by spending crores of rupees and planted 5,000 trees.
He was totally oblivious of the fact that the appellants had already utilised substantial portion of their land for establishing Stud Farm and for other activities, like, animal husbandry, agriculture, horticulture, nursery and dairy farming and had also constructed a large number of buildings by spending crores of rupees and planted 5,000 trees.
It is not the case of the prosecution that the appellant cannot be reformed or that the accused is a social menace.
Upon the determination of these two issues a third point emerges, which is that of the onus probandi.
Upon the determination of these two issues a third point emerges, which is that of the onus probandi.
The said document has been maintained in regular course of his business and is signed by accused Zahoor Watali himself.
The said document has been maintained in regular course of his business and is signed by accused Zahoor Watali himself.
It must be possible to spell the meaning contended for out of the words actually used.
The jurisdiction is plenary and residuary.
I am happy to know this engine will help India put satellites of upto 4 tonnes in geostationary orbit.
The Constitution of India and its Preamble is an embodiment of the ideals and principles that I hold dear.
The costs contemplated under this provision need not necessarily be confined to the expenses incurred by the party for attending the court.
It is now the settled law that a charge of corrupt practice is substantially akin to a criminal charge.
Merely reading sub-section (2) by ignoring the saving clause in sub-section (1) would lead to a conflict between the two sub-sections.
The backlog of cases in our courts is very disconcerting.
The right of the petitioner in the property on being declared to the highest bidder was a valuable right, which the petitioner could enforce against the respondents in compelling the respondent to transfer the property in his name.
The right of the petitioner in the property on being declared to the highest bidder was a valuable right, which the petitioner could enforce against the respondents in compelling the respondent to transfer the property in his name.
Terrorism has a long history of being used to achieve political, religious and ideological objectives.
No. 3 about the progress of delivery of possession from the original allottee, but he received conflicting and contradictory replies which created doubt in his mind and impelled him to rush to Noida and find out the real facts from the Greater Noida Authority.
The Geographical Indication of Goods (Registration and Protection) Act, 1999 has been enacted to provide for the registration and better protection of geographical indications relating to goods.
But what is worse would be to extend the exercise of this enormous power to the High Courts also and after Chandra Kumar to all manner of tribunals.
S. 49 far from declaring that a part of the building cannot be acquired, clearly postulates that such power vests in the land acquisition authority.
After the aforesaid order instead of taking decision by the Tribunal, some favourable order was passed by other authority in favour of the petitioners of CWJC No. 9229 of 2016 which led the petitioners to withdraw the appeal preferred before the District Teachers Employment Appellate Authority.
It provides for the appointment of a Director General of Foreign Trade by the Central Government for the purpose of the Act.
In a democratic republic, the collective who are the sovereign elect their law-making representatives for enacting laws and shaping policies which are reflective of the popular will.
In a democratic republic, the collective who are the sovereign elect their law-making representatives for enacting laws and shaping policies which are reflective of the popular will.
Three representations/complaints were received against Mr. K.V.Chowdary.
The terms of a contract must not be vague or uncertain.
Similarly, gross violations under other Acts/Rules, if any, will need to be rectified (as required by the relevant statutory authorities).
Similarly, gross violations under other Acts/Rules, if any, will need to be rectified (as required by the relevant statutory authorities).
It would be relevant to record, that as it now exists, was debated as draft by the Constituent Assembly.
Yawar Zahoor Shah Watali.
It was further submitted, that it had been long well settled, that where a right to plead liability had no existence in common law, but was the creation of a statute, which simultaneously provided for a special and particular remedy for enforcing it, the remedy provided by the statute was bound to be followed.
The above review of the DM Act makes it abundantly clear that the statute provides for risk assessment and risk management in the event of a disaster such as a drought and also crisis management in the event of a drought.
India accepts that certain rights have always been understood by man to be basic such as the right to life and liberty.
We feel that the High Court has been totally influenced by the fact that Laxmi had died within 6 months of her marriage and it was an unnatural death.
Animal husbandry: Two Kangayam (native variety) bullocks were bought at Rs. 8, 500 each, when they were one year of age.
Such being the position reverting these officers at this distant point of time, to the posts of Senior Stenographers in their parent cadre does not appear to us to be either just, fair or equitable especially when upon reversion the State does not propose to promote them to the higher positions within their zone/cadre because such higher posts are occupied by other officers, most if not all of whom are junior to the petitioners and who may have to be reverted to make room for the petitioners to hold those higher posts.
Such being the position reverting these officers at this distant point of time, to the posts of Senior Stenographers in their parent cadre does not appear to us to be either just, fair or equitable especially when upon reversion the State does not propose to promote them to the higher positions within their zone/cadre because such higher posts are occupied by other officers, most if not all of whom are junior to the petitioners and who may have to be reverted to make room for the petitioners to hold those higher posts.
However, she somehow could speak and asked why her father, the appellant was injuring her.
We appreciate Russia 's support for India' s permanent membership of UN Security Council and membership of the multi - lateral export control regimes.
Thereafter, the respondent produced a certificate dated 29.05.2006 issued by the supplier of its switch box i.e. Siemens offering technical explanations for non display of CLI in respect of calls with 10 digits to the BSNL network.
Ba is added to give only attractive green colour which is not essential for pyrotechnics.
This statement of the principle by Banerjee, J. can be well supported so long -- as is usually the case -- the State Governments are duly authorised on delegation of powers by the Union Government to acquire lands for a purpose of the Union.
It could not be the intention of Parliament to confer this dual benefit on persons in occupation of public premises.
If he is to be believed (In fact, two courts have), this would amount to cruelty/harassment in connection with demand for dowry.
The youth of any country is the crucial backbone for its future development and progress.
Construction has not progressed and money has been diverted elsewhere.
Thereafter Mutyala Brahmam, who was coming from Veldurthi side on his motor cycle noticed PW.1-Narasimha Rao and shifted him to Government Hospital, Macherla.
If not, all the amendments suggested by the Law Commission in relation to construction of the term “public policy  will be rendered nugatory, as the applicability of Wednesbury principles to public policy will certainly open the floodgates.
The right to go abroad.
Dr. Naw Nath Prasad, who retired as Medical Director, LNM, Railway Hospital, Gorakhpur, successfully invoked the jurisdiction of the Central Administrative Tribunal, Patna Bench for adding NPA for the purpose of calculating pension.
The advocates were on strike on the said date.
I normally go for hunting with one friend of mine, viz., Mr. Yusuf Nullwala as he is an experienced hunter.
In the present scenario, the information given by the candidates is not widely known in the constituency and the multitude of voters really do not come to know about the antecedents.
In the present scenario, the information given by the candidates is not widely known in the constituency and the multitude of voters really do not come to know about the antecedents.
However, in the position paper submitted to the NDMC, the Special Committee, while recommending the adoption of a modified UAM, had suggested that it should be introduced selectively for “self-occupied residential properties.
Considered from any angle we find that the respondent had abused the process and laid complaint against all the appellants without any prima facie case to harass them for vendetta.
State governments will be provided a percentage of these costs.
In cases where after the injured had fallen down, the appellant did not inflict any further injury when he was in a helpless position, it may indicate that he had not acted in a cruel or unusual manner.
As per , development plan shall come into operation from the date of publication of the notice in the Gazette and as from such date shall be binding on all Development Authorities and local authorities functioning in the planning area.
By this Notification it reduced the rate of entry tax, namely, coal, gypsum and bauxite by making the entry tax payable at the rate of 1% only.
It is relevant to take note of the fact that initially 21 persons were named as accused.
High Court found that despite the fact that the assessees did not deduct the said amounts based on a bonafide belief and no dishonest intention could be attributed to any of them, yet the High Court held that levy of interest under would follow, as the payment of simple interest under the said provision is mandatory; and not being penal in nature, no question of bonafide belief would arise to absolve the assessees from any interest liability under the said provision.
Furthermore, no part of the aforesaid land shall be handed over by the Government to anyone and the same shall be retained by the Government till the disposal of this writ petition nor shall any part of this land be permitted to be occupied or used for any religious purpose or in connection therewith.
At the same time, one cannot be oblivious of the duty of a Judge which is to discharge his responsibility with absolute earnestness, sincerity and being true to the oath of his/her office.
At the same time, one cannot be oblivious of the duty of a Judge which is to discharge his responsibility with absolute earnestness, sincerity and being true to the oath of his/her office.
It is not only desirable but clearly a must, before selection and appointment.
It is not only desirable but clearly a must, before selection and appointment.
We reiterate our concern for the health, nutrition, and life of millions of children in India, in the larger public interest and in order to be able to indisputably establish the facts of this case, we would again request the Hon'ble Supreme Court to set up an independent Special Investigation Team (SIT) to enquire into the matter.
As already taken note of above, the basis of this argument is the judgment of this Court in Second Judges’ case which laid the foundation of the Collegium system for the appointment of Judges.
The provision itself therefore expressly mandated, that the change of ‘forum’ would operate retrospectively, and as such, pending proceedings would necessarily have to be transferred to the changed ‘forum’ – the Special Court.
The section stipulates that a daughter would be a coparcener from her birth, and would have the same rights and liabilities as that of a son.
He submits that judgment was rendered in 1994.
We therefore overrule such a conclusion reached in ‘JAYARAM’.
The programme was initiated in 1997 with a Steering Committee and a Technical Committee of NGHP for implementing the programme.
The Supreme Court took note of the position under the Mohammedan Law that the mother of an illegitimate female child is entitled to its custody and refusal to restore the custody of the child to the mother would result in illegal custody of the child.
(2) The application of science to the arts.
Thereafter the matter was again taken up by the DEA, DOPT for consideration of the case of respondent No.4 under Rule 6(1) of the IAS Cadre Rules under which an Officer may be deputed to service under the Central Government or under State Government or under a Company, Organization, Body of Individuals whether incorporated or not, which is wholly substantially owned or controlled by the Central Government or by any other State Government.
Thereafter the matter was again taken up by the DEA, DOPT for consideration of the case of respondent No.4 under Rule 6(1) of the IAS Cadre Rules under which an Officer may be deputed to service under the Central Government or under State Government or under a Company, Organization, Body of Individuals whether incorporated or not, which is wholly substantially owned or controlled by the Central Government or by any other State Government.
Mr. Shetty in his response to the status report claims that the CEO of ICC had “falsely  stated in his interview that the President of BCCI had requested ICC to issue a letter stating that the intervention of this Court amounted to governmental interference.
Sub section (2) of section 757.93 states that in case, prior to the filing of a formal complaint or a petition, an investigation of possible misconduct or permanent disability becomes known to the public, the Commission may issue statements in order to confirm pendency of the investigation to qualify the procedural aspects of the disciplinary proceedings, to explain the right of a judge or circuit to a fair hearing without prejudgment, to state that the judge or circuit denies the allegations, to state that an investigation has been completed and no probable cause has been found out in order to correct public misinformation.
According to learned senior counsel, the Debutter Regulation of 1998 is a self serving document which does not have any sanctity of law and did not create any right in the Debutter Board to take over the religious endowment of Maa Kamakhya and represent the deity.
This Court endorsed the High Court’s view and held that the issue of title was directly and substantially an issue between the parties in the earlier eviction suit, hence, the High Court was right in holding that the finding of title recorded in the earlier suit would operate as res judicata in the subsequent suit.
They will be paid salaries for services rendered to the Wakf as fixed by the Wakif Mutawalli.
As already held, award of sentence is imprisonment is a must.
Two-thirds of DANIPS are filled by direct recruitment and remaining are promoted from non-gazetted police officers of Union Territory of Delhi and other Union Territories.
By assessment order dated 02.12.2002, the adjudicating authority did not accept the contentions raised by the Corporation and held that the Corporation was liable to pay the contribution of these workers in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
He is elected by the people and is elevated to a position where he holds a trust on behalf of the people.
In the conference of vice chancellors of central universities in 2013, I had called upon them to consider setting up innovation clubs that would act as a platform for exchange of ideas between the students and faculty, and grassroots innovators.
In these circumstances, to infer exclusion of or the principles contained in would be unduly harsh and would not advance the cause of justice.
They are the witnesses of extra- judicial confession as well.
There was no provocation or reason for committing this ghastly act at a time when the children were sleeping.
India’s foreign policy must constantly adapt to the changing world.
The findings and inferences of the Tribunal are based on evidence and documents on record and there does not appear to be any manifest errors in them.
Since Section 37 of the Code defines the Court which passes the decree and lays down the procedure for transfer of decree, it was opined that for execution of an award a transfer of the decree was mandatory.
The device does not require any bait materials to trap insects.
If the entire enactment is read as a whole indicates the purpose and that purpose is carried out by the rules, the same cannot be stated to be ultra vires of the provisions of the enactment.
In - service training in Hindi was started for Ministries, Departments, Attached and Subordinate offices of the Central Government.
We must celebrate this strength. Shri Shinde stands out as an inspiration for millions in our country.
Provide 40ft x 100 ft space for 40 birds if out door space is considered.
The relevance of its teaching must extend beyond the classrooms, to the society and the nation.
For me, India is such a place.
The witnesses relevant for the purposes of the fingerprint evidence as a relevant circumstance are Ramachandra (the photographer) and Nanaiah (the fingerprint expert).
Following this, over several meetings between November 2016 and November 2017, I spoke to her mother, Anuradha Biyani, who is Loya’s sister and a medical doctor in government service; another of Loya’s sisters, Sarita Mandhane; and Loya’s father, Harkishan.
Dossa instructed Salim and Feroz to make arrangements for Dighi landing after talking to appellant (A-102).
Mr. Mukul Rohatgi, learned senior counsel appearing for the detenues relied upon number of judgments and contended that the grounds of detention and relied upon documents are to be served on the detenues pari passu and in the instant case, serving of the relied upon documents and grounds of detention piecemeal deprives the detenues from making effective representation.
The respondent is, however, granted one month’s time to vacate the suit house after completion of the procedural formalities by the concerned Court after making payment of all arrears of rent till the date of delivery of possession of suit house to the appellant.
This Court has harmonised the various hues of the conundrum of the place of suing in several cases and has gone to the extent of laying down that it should be courts endeavour to locate the place where the cause of action has substantially arisen and reject others where it may have incidentally arisen.
This Court has harmonised the various hues of the conundrum of the place of suing in several cases and has gone to the extent of laying down that it should be courts endeavour to locate the place where the cause of action has substantially arisen and reject others where it may have incidentally arisen.
Stage 2: para.
47) The purpose of Right to Information cannot be allowed to be frustrated by having thoroughly inadequate strength of Information Commissioners in the SIC.
In the case in hand, we find that the appellants were deprived of the land in question without following the procedure prescribed in law because the so-called auction was conducted by the State behind their back and without their knowledge.
In other words, they will teach you how their business model works and will show you how to leverage it into profits.
As a natural corollary, the Union of India has exclusive executive power with respect to NCT of Delhi relating to the three matters in the State List in respect of which the power of the Delhi Legislative Assembly has been excluded.
Thus, his repeated communications setting forth a thought process for ‘voluntary retirement’ had no legal backing on that date.
The question is whether the said allocation would by itself undo either the recommendations made by the Committee or the decision taken by the Government to allocate the newly created vacancies on “Command Exit Model  principle.
This, coupled with the fact that the authority has right to accept or reject any bid and even to annul the whole bidding process, the High Court was not justified in interfering with such a decision of the BEC.
Government of India is taking a number of initiatives to channelise its significant resources towards inclusive growth of all constituents of economy and society – by encouraging investment, reviving the manufacturing sector, promoting skill development, developing smart cities and improving sanitation and cleanliness - especially of rivers.
Similarly, it includes a person who without the permission of a person entitled to cultivate or let waste-land brings the land under cultivation and is in occupation under the bona fide intention of attorning to and paying a reasonable rent to the person entitled to cultivate.
Similarly, it includes a person who without the permission of a person entitled to cultivate or let waste-land brings the land under cultivation and is in occupation under the bona fide intention of attorning to and paying a reasonable rent to the person entitled to cultivate.
Merely because a party is unable to prove a fact, the same cannot be categorized as false in each and every case.
Therefore, only as a result of further investigation, the CBI has gathered the information that the third person was Tulsiram Prajapati.
These principles are far too well entrenched in the Indian jurisprudence, to warrant reiteration.
This Act of 1870 has been amended from time to time.
Detailed recommendations were made on each of the agenda items by the Directors of NITs at the end of the discussions.
It is trite that law favours finality to binding judicial decisions pronounced by Courts that are competent to deal with the subject matter.
He has also deposed about a panchayat which included Gurdeep Singh (maternal uncle) as well as Angrez Singh/PW4 who, as has already been noted, has categorically stated that no such Panchayat took place.
He has also deposed about a panchayat which included Gurdeep Singh (maternal uncle) as well as Angrez Singh/PW4 who, as has already been noted, has categorically stated that no such Panchayat took place.
This Court has time and again said with regard to read with (4) of the 1894 Act that the provisions contained therein confer extraordinary power upon the state to appropriate the private property without complying with the mandate of and, therefore, these provisions can be invoked only when the purpose of acquisition cannot brook the delay of even few weeks or months.
Pertinently, this action does not deal with payment of import duty at all.
However, the same is denied and he has not been paid his regular salary for last over a decade.
In different parts of the country it is regulated either by one of the three central laws — the Births, Deaths and Marriages Registration Act, 1886, the Registration Act, 1908 and Registration of Births and Deaths Act, 1969 — or by a local law, or a combination of both.
In different parts of the country it is regulated either by one of the three central laws — the Births, Deaths and Marriages Registration Act, 1886, the Registration Act, 1908 and Registration of Births and Deaths Act, 1969 — or by a local law, or a combination of both.
Fanciful possibilities, freak exercise and speculative aberrations are not realistic enough for constitutional invalidation.
The reason, according to learned senior counsel was, that the judgment in the Second Judges case, was not premised on an interpretation of any constitutional provision(s), nor was it premised on an elaborate discussion, with reference to the subject under consideration, nor was reliance placed on the Constituent Assembly debates.
The question is one of weighing in the balance the advantages conferred on the public by the nationalisation of the route C-D against the inconveniences suffered by the public wanting to travel straight from A to B. On the other hand, it is quite well known that under The guise of the so called 'corridor restrictions' permits over longer routes which cover shorter notified routes or 'overlapping' parts of notified routes are more often than not misutilised since it is next nigh impossible to keep a proper check at every point of the route.
I believe Indian exporters have the necessary competitiveness and diversification to operate in a challenging global environment.
Copy forwarded to the Collector ………… with the request that action for immediate taking over of the possession of the above detailed surplus land and its proper maintenance may, kindly be taken an intimation be given to the undersigned along with copy of certificate to verify.
The Inquiry Committee is statutory in character but is not a Tribunal for the purpose of Art. 136 of the Constitution.  (emphasis supplied) After stating so, the learned judge observed that the above view is in complete accord with the opinion of the majority in Sub-Committee _on Judicial Accountability v. Union of India that the statutory part of the process of removal of a judge is subject to judicial review.
A far more just, reasonable and proper course would be to expand the options and to take over what, as a matter of fact, lawfully belongs to the Court i.e. the vast hiatus between 14 years' imprisonment and death.
I am unable to hold that these provisions show that some rights are not natural or inalienable rights.
That Group Captains (Time Scale) wear the same rank, are paid the same salary and allowances and all other service benefits admissible to Group Captains (Select) supports that assertion for otherwise there is no reason why they should have been equated in matters like pay, allowances and all other benefits including the rank they wear if they were not truly equal.
That Group Captains (Time Scale) wear the same rank, are paid the same salary and allowances and all other service benefits admissible to Group Captains (Select) supports that assertion for otherwise there is no reason why they should have been equated in matters like pay, allowances and all other benefits including the rank they wear if they were not truly equal.
We, as a country, must return to the Nehruvian times; cultivate a temper which welcomes criticism, where comment is free but facts are held sacred.
Imports of finished steel during the period (April - December, 2007) were up by 68. 7% over the corresponding period of the previous year.
They should be kept out of their field postings pending disciplinary proceedings for major penalty.
On the other hand, if it is an order of detention governed by [or by a Presidential Order under suspending ], it perhaps could still be challenged even during the period of emergency on grounds not barred by the said provisions.
Before parting with the case, we feel it necessary to bring the matter to the notice of the administration of the State of Haryana that in spite of the fact that certain serious findings have been recorded by the Trial Court, as well as by the High Court regarding the unfair investigation conducted by Shri Rajesh Kumar, who was the SHO of the Police Station, Sadar Dadri on 7.1.2005, but for the reasons best known to the administration, no action was taken against him.
The accused started throwing stones on the deceased’s motorcycle.
For proper appreciation of submission made by learned counsel appearing for the parties, it would be necessary to consider the authorities cited on behalf of the both parties.
At the same time, teachers for some of the subjects namely Geometrical drawing, Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics and Humanities were to be engaged on contract/part- time basis.
At the same time, teachers for some of the subjects namely Geometrical drawing, Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics and Humanities were to be engaged on contract/part- time basis.
The appellant belongs to Allahabad where his parents live and the respondent belonged to Jabalpur where her parents are living.
The appellant belongs to Allahabad where his parents live and the respondent belonged to Jabalpur where her parents are living.
The defendant, however, notwithstanding the said interim order admittedly executed and registered a sale deed in favour of the applicants.
All these together have been described as the ‘Kerala Model’ and the Malayala Manorama has not just reported on the emergence of this phenomenon, it has also directly contributed to the extraordinary success of the state in the field of human development by spreading literacy, inculcating a passion for reading and launching various social movements under its auspices.
In paragraph 65 of the said decision reference was made to Bharat Sanchar (supra), wherein sub-clause (d) of Clause 29A of came to be considered.
The Tribunal directed the insurance company and Owner / Driver to pay compensation.
The Division Bench, in appeal, apparently found it fit to rely on an additional affidavit filed for the first time by the respondent in his Writ Petition, referring to the letter dated 30.12.1987 by which the respondent is purported to have sought the production of certain documents.
The politician accused the newspaper of committing libel but the court disagreed at the trial.
While in some situations, the benefits may be evident directly in the short-run, in others, they may be accruable to an organization indirectly, in the long-run.
Three applications have been filed for impleadment, however, this Court allowed those applicants only to intervene and make their submissions on legal issues without impleading any of them.
The Division Bench relied upon to hold that the order of punishment stands vitiated as the reasons for disagreement with the Inquiry Report have not been supplied to the delinquent.
Sodomy laws criminalise their most intimate relationships.
No.2 was wrong in terminating the contract.
The High Court, therefore, had no power or jurisdiction to review the selfsame order, which was the subject-matter of challenge in the SLPs in this Court after the challenge had failed.
In the said acknowledgment of order, the entire set of documents relating to the proposal and the signed contract is also enclosed with the price agreed between the parties.
This Court, while affirming the judgment of the High Court holding that the appellant had committed a corrupt practice under held that the evidence indicated that the campaign on the basis of caste was carried out by the appellant himself at some places, and at other places by others including his election agent.
Suffice it to say that while affidavits may not be generally accepted as a good enough basis for directing an enquiry, that they are not so accepted is not a rule of law but a rule of prudence.
Suffice it to say that while affidavits may not be generally accepted as a good enough basis for directing an enquiry, that they are not so accepted is not a rule of law but a rule of prudence.
He was also confronted with the fact, that he himself had informed the search party, that Gomi may be found at Jivi’s field.
Excellency, I extend on behalf of the Government and the people of India, my deepest condolences to your Government and to the bereaved and displaced families.
Indeed, the counsel for the respondents made a fervent effort to persuade us that the said sentences will also have to be taken into account for considering the proposal for premature release and in that case, consultation with the Central Government would be inevitable.
Special provisions relating to voluntary contributions received by electoral trust.
We may point out that before the High Court, the appellants had challenged the vires of on the ground that the State Legislature lacks competence to make a provision of this nature.
It is submitted that despite the above the High Court has observed that all throughout the NIT desired to implement the Scheme.
It is submitted that despite the above the High Court has observed that all throughout the NIT desired to implement the Scheme.
There are other evidence on record which complete the chain of events.
We have also perused the reports of the period 29.08.2009 to 30.09.2012 and find (sic.) that these have been initiated/reviewed by different Initiating, Reviewing and Senior Reviewing Officers and are in consonance with the ratee’s profile before and after that period.
Exhibit 489 is the memo of handing over of recovered bullet.
Exhibit 489 is the memo of handing over of recovered bullet.
So far as the appellant (State) is concerned, they have not filed any details nor filed any affidavit and has left the issue to be decided by this Court having regard to the totality of the circumstances.
Main cash crops are sugarcane, potato, tobacco, oilseeds, onion, chillies, jute and roselle.
There are cases where this Court has converted offence from 302 to 304 Part I , regard being had to the genesis of occurrence or the nature of injuries.
We hasten to add that this judgment is not a reflection on the mediator whose unstinted track record is known to all, or the endeavor of the counsellor, who too is very experienced in her field.
We hasten to add that this judgment is not a reflection on the mediator whose unstinted track record is known to all, or the endeavor of the counsellor, who too is very experienced in her field.
The Sarpanch of the village, Anita explained that this was done intentionally to maintain the sustainability of the sweet water source.
Unfortunately, we have been informed that these bodies are not functioning in many places or in the manner in which they are expected to and in several districts the District Child Protection Unit has not even been constituted.
I understand that a total of six studies comprise the curriculum of the National Defence College course.
Ten applicants who had submitted their applications after the cut-off date were rejected.
As it turned out, that became unnecessary as Justice Roberts switched his vote so that a 5:4 majority from 1937 onwards upheld economic legislation.
As it turned out, that became unnecessary as Justice Roberts switched his vote so that a 5:4 majority from 1937 onwards upheld economic legislation.
That question was dealt with in the following words: “It is crucial for the understanding of this question that the question itself should be correctly formulated.
The functional efficacy of a school very much depends upon the efficiency and dedication of its Headmaster.
It is clarified that in the event of any dispute arising with respect to quantum of compensation, it may be resolved by availing the remedy of arbitration mechanism provided in the lease deed.
As per the High Court, the appellant has not been able to lead any satisfactory evidence to dislodge this presumption.
As per the High Court, the appellant has not been able to lead any satisfactory evidence to dislodge this presumption.
In this regard, as already noticed, the documents have been published in ‘The Hindu’ newspaper on different dates.
Section 45Q of the RBI Act provides that Chapter IIIB thereof shall override any other law inconsistent therewith.
In the case on hand, as the respondent-assessee is not primarily dealing in scrap but is a manufacturer of stainless steel utensils, only sale proceeds from sale of utensils would be treated as his “turnover .
In view of the legal principles discussed by us hereinbefore, this appeal, thus, must also fail and, is accordingly dismissed.
Shri Sinha, however, submits that the suit was not barred by limitation.
It can reject them as unhelpful, if they throw no light or throw only dim light in which nothing can be discerned………..
It cannot be contended that the State has no legislative competence and the Executive has no power to frame a policy reserving the area for exploitation of beach sand mineral by State/Central Public Sector Undertakings.
Concededly, the Regulation as well as the Rules specifically provided for the subject of motion of no confidence, how such motion should be moved and the manner in which it is required to be carried forward.
Under , Corporation has the power to regulate line of buildings.
Therefore, from a review of the statutory provisions and the cases on the subject as rightly decided by various High Courts, to which reference has been made by us, it follows that no Judge or a Bench of Judges can assume jurisdiction in a case pending in the High Court unless the case is allotted to him or them by the Chief Justice.
It is also pointed out that from the post mortem report Ex. P-27, the incident appears to have taken place sometime during the day, and natural presence of the appellants at that point of time was at the place of their work, which also reflects from the statement of DW-1 Parmanand Sharma, who told that the appellants were in the shop on 16-09- 2006 from 9:30 a.m. till 7:30 p.m. It is further submitted that witnesses PW-1 Mukesh Jayswal, PW-3 Narayana, PW-4 Udhvdass and PW-5 Manohar alias Mannu have stated that it was a woman who was seen taking a bundle and threw the same near Sevaram Gilani Garden, situated near Patel nagar, Indore, but there is nothing in their evidence as against the present appellants.
Clauses (c), (d) and (f) of deal with subjects, inter alia, coordination of the technical education in the country at all levels; promoting innovation, research, development, establishment of new technologies, generation, adoption and adaptation of new technologies to meet the developmental requirements; and promoting and effecting link between technical education and systems and other relevant systems.
According to the police and security forces, the encounters are genuine and the victims were militants or terrorists or insurgents killed in counter insurgency or anti terrorist operations.
Thus, more initiatives need to be taken at the Centre and the State level to ensure proper management of human resources in the small and medium scale enterprises sector.
Slackness in efficient functioning of ‘Directors of Grievances’ is identified as one of the prime cause for continuing delay in redress of grievances.
Therefore, they have not taken into consideration the fact that after the death of the mortgagee, the mother of the appellant, possession of the land came to the father of the appellant and the first respondent and therefore, the appellant is not entitled to claim continuous possession of the same to get the benefit under Section 4A of the K.L.R. Act, even assuming without conceding that the appellant’s mother acquired a right under Exh.A1, the mortgage deed.
Since the partition had taken place in 1912 between Chokalingam and Narayanswamy Mudaliar (being the son of Pazanivelu), and as the plaintiffs inherited the property from Narayanaswamy Mudaliar, they are entitled to 50% of the share in ‘B schedule’ property.
The 'Change of Guard' is a military ritual steeped in tradition.
In th meantime, you (Police) came over there along with the staff members.
Although we are not presented here with the problem of regulating lewd public conduct itself, the States have greater power to regulate nonverbal, physical conduct than to suppress depictions or descriptions of the same behavior.
The amount of maintenance fixed for the wife should be such as she can live in reasonable comfort considering her status and the mode of life she was used to when she lived with her husband and also that she does not feel handicapped in the prosecution of her case.
The extent of the smallness can be gauged from the fact that one nanometre is approximately about one hundred thousand times smaller than the diameter of a human hair.
The legislature is supreme in its own sphere under the Constitution.
In as much as it did not do so, we have no option but to interfere and direct transfer of the case to another Court.
The said judgment has not held that DNA test is to be ignored.
It is a sign that the blood is not receiving enough oxygen.
Having shortlisted the successful allottees, the Catholic Society required the selected allottees to deposit Rs.15,000/- each, towards part payment of the price of the said flats.
Having shortlisted the successful allottees, the Catholic Society required the selected allottees to deposit Rs.15,000/- each, towards part payment of the price of the said flats.
Mr. Parekh also submitted that most of the submissions made by Mr. Bhushan and the documents relied upon in support of the submissions were never a part of the record before the High Court.
It was in this background that the Union of India filed the appeals in the year 2001 against the judgment dated 21.12.2000 referred to hereinabove.
If, however, Lok Sabha does not accept any of the recommendations of Rajya Sabha, the Money Bill is deemed to have been passed by both Houses of Parliament in the form in which it was passed by Lok Sabha without any of the amendments recommended by Rajya Sabha.
If, however, Lok Sabha does not accept any of the recommendations of Rajya Sabha, the Money Bill is deemed to have been passed by both Houses of Parliament in the form in which it was passed by Lok Sabha without any of the amendments recommended by Rajya Sabha.
When the sentence of fine is imposed as the sole punishment or an additional punishment, the whole or part of it may be directed to be paid to the person having suffered loss or injury as per the discretion of the Court ( Cr.PC).
His appeal was also dismissed by the State Commission.
Only on 11 members the final report has been produced.
The rules regarding this differ but they do not form the essence of the matter and if there is irregularity in carrying them out it is curable.
During this time, the accused Praveen (the juvenile) came there and took her to a nearby temple, where he committed rape upon her.
Please accept, Your Majesty, my best wishes for your good health and personal well-being as well as for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Thailand .
P3, at page 6, shows payment of Refundable Deposit of Rs.3,50,000/-.
The factum of presumption and the testimony of PW6 and 7 go a long way to show that the prosecution has been able to prove demand, acceptance and recovery of the amount.
The provisions of Chapter XXVIII dealing with Death References are wider/larger in import as compared to the powers under Chapter XXIX dealing with appeals and the view taken by the High Court was supported more strongly by the provisions of Chapter XXVIII of the Code.
Even according to the dictionary meaning they are the same.
If prolonged solitary confinement of a death sentence convict is a ground for commutation of death sentence, solitary confinement, in effect, on ground of high security or otherwise would also be a ground for commutation of death sentence.
He also stated that in January 1993, Rahim Laundrywala alongwith Shafi had come to the house of the appellant Khalil (A-42) by jeep, and had called him there.
He also stated that in January 1993, Rahim Laundrywala alongwith Shafi had come to the house of the appellant Khalil (A-42) by jeep, and had called him there.
The distinction which the State Government sought to make between Ezhuva/Thiyyas known as Thandans like the respondent on the one hand and Thandans who fell in the Scheduled Caste category, on the other, thus stood abolished by reason of the above pronouncement.
The legitimacy of judicial intervention in the case of a purely domestic award is far more than in cases where a court is examining the correctness of a foreign award or a domestic award in an international commercial arbitration.
We have also taken pains to look into the original records that were called for from the trial court.
The matter has also been examined keeping in view that manifest arbitrariness is also a ground of challenge to the legislative enactment.
To them the equality clauses will have some substance if equal work means equal pay.
This Court rejected the suggestion that it was not giving to the “small men  the same treatment as it was giving to the “big industrialists .
It is not for this Court to examine this question in these proceedings for the simple reason that this appeal is confined only to examine the legality of an order passed by the High Court in the eviction suit.
Minimum capacity of the tank was 10000 litres and minimum size of the tank was 7 ft in width by 7 ft in length and 8 ft in depth.
Further, since the deceased has left behind his wife and two children, the amount to be deducted under the head of personal expenses is 1/3rd of the total income in the light of the principle laid down in Sarla Verma case (supra) which was reiterated in Santosh Devi case (supra).
Appeal was dismissed as time barred.
These Notifications were challenged by the GNCTD on the ground that ACB Police Stations are empowered to take cognizance of offences against officials of the Central Government as well, so long as they are posted in Delhi.
These Notifications were challenged by the GNCTD on the ground that ACB Police Stations are empowered to take cognizance of offences against officials of the Central Government as well, so long as they are posted in Delhi.
It would be an anomalous situation that a person who, by his own conduct, precludes the coming into existence of the contract is then given advantage or benefit of his own wrong by not allowing forfeiture.
It was specifically pointed out that the FSA would be a bilateral contract and coal would be supplied to them as per the notified price fixed by the Coal India Limited in pursuance thereof.
Respondent No.1 contested the show cause notice.
Her case is similar to that of Dr. Mohod who has been discharged.
The Hearing Committee after considering the records and oral & written submission of the college submitted its report to the Ministry.
The Hearing Committee after considering the records and oral & written submission of the college submitted its report to the Ministry.
The Hearing Committee after considering the records and oral & written submission of the college submitted its report to the Ministry.
The sale deed refers to the mortgage deed dated 21.11.1967 and that Wali Mohd. received Rs.11,000/- from the mortgagees – Jamila Begum and Sakina.
The ill effects include bed degradation, bed coarsening, lowered water tables near the stream-bed, and channel instability.
The appellant has failed to show any perversity in the finding recorded by the ITA No. 434 / 2009 Income Tax Appellate Tribunal.
In that case, the Court was considering the acquisition of area of about 500 acres comprising of 437 plots, whereas, in the present case, the area to be acquired for the Expressway alone was more than 1,600 hectares.
The last decade of the twentieth century saw a phenomenal change in the structure of the Indian Air Force with induction of women into the Air Force for short service commissions.
When provision of the Act defines domestic violence, it is clear that such violence is gender neutral.
This issue is considered in the context of Sections 7 and 8 of the Aadhaar Act.
Similarly, rule 64B [rule 64C] of the MCR is applicable on removal of tailings or rejects from leased area for dumping and restricts levy on royalty on tailings or rejects.
The Appropriate Commission shall have the powers to pass such interim order in any proceeding, hearing or matter before the Appropriate Commission, as that Commission may consider appropriate.
The judicial construction of the provisions of the old had already declared that the price envisaged under clauses (a) and (b) of that section was the price charged by the manufacturer in a transaction at arm's length.
Counsel contends that in the present case even in the charge sheet there is no allegation regarding any incident about the harassment of deceased soon before she committed suicide.
On the other hand, we find that it is the defendant, who despite accepting the substantial money (more than 50%) towards sale consideration from the plaintiff, avoided executing the sale deed on one or other false pretext.
Land is a scarce public resource.
No.1 (accused-Tribhuwan) was that admittedly respondent No.1 has undergone 40 days’ jail sentence partly as under-trial prisoner and remaining after suffering the conviction from the Sessions Court.
It is further submitted by the learned Senior Advocate appearing on behalf of the appellant that even otherwise decree for specific performance of a contract is a discretionary relief and in the facts and circumstances of the case, more particularly when the plaintiff did not come with clean hands, as though was not in possession but stated that he is in possession, both the courts below ought not to have granted the discretionary relief and ought not to have passed a decree for specific performance of the agreement/agreement to sell.
Being a welfare state, it is the duty of the State to provide shops at nominal license fee.
Being a welfare state, it is the duty of the State to provide shops at nominal license fee.
In our considered opinion, the above plea cannot be entertained for more than one reason.
The Judge in the first instance having rejected the prayer, the matter reached Court of Appeal.
But every attempt must be made to complete full immunization, before the age of 1 year.
It is now well settled that what is necessary for proving the prosecution case is not the quantity but quality of the evidence.
However the fact is that he has never shifted to Delhi & all the renovation & maintenance work was overlooked by Mr. Anil Kumar Sharma.
The Family Court also has the jurisdiction to direct that the proceedings shall be held in camera if it so desires and, needless to say, the desire has to be expressed keeping in view the provisions of the 1984 Act.
EXIM bank is also providing funding for a railway project.
It is further pointed out that PW-51 withstood the rigorous cross-examination and is a credible witness.
The determination of the lowest price under Regulation 20 would be at a stage prior to the making of the public announcement and not thereafter.
Our savings and investment rates have increased, there was a gross FDI inflow of $19.5 billion in 2006-07 and good reasons exist to believe that there have been productivity and efficiency improvements.
There is no evidence brought before the Inquiry Committee to hold guilty for these charges.
We will now examine whether the second limb of which casts a duty on the person in-charge or care of animal to prevent the infliction upon an animal, unnecessary pain or suffering, discharges that duty.
It is reflected in numerous rules and practices.
Therefore, the argument raised that PW1-Ganesamoorthy has manipulated his Medical Report from a Hospital near to his residence is not correct as he has travelled on the other side of his village as the Medico-Legal Examination was conducted at Thiruvarur.
Therefore, the argument raised that PW1-Ganesamoorthy has manipulated his Medical Report from a Hospital near to his residence is not correct as he has travelled on the other side of his village as the Medico-Legal Examination was conducted at Thiruvarur.
The NRHM also provides an overarching umbrella to the existing programmes of Health & Family Welfare including RCH - II, Vector Borne Disease Control Programme, TB, Leprosy, NPCB and the Integrated Disease Surveillance Project.
The said application was dismissed by the learned Magistrate.
On conclusion of investigation the charge-sheet was filed against all the four accused for their trial in respect of offences punishable under Sections 506, 354 and 302 read with of Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Under the System of ODE, a set of question paper having defined number of items is generated randomly by the computer out of the already developed question bank on the basis of question paper design and the blue print of the subject as and when demanded.
He accepted that he learnt about the police finding Imtiyaz and Azad involved in the matter from Rajesh.
In turn, Kenyans favour India for business, education, medical treatment and also tourism.
Since we are only required to examine the correctness of the conviction and sentences as against these three accused persons, we shall restrict to the appreciation of facts and evidence relevant to these three accused persons only.
These activities account for nearly 46 per cent of the work force in Karnataka State.
Only because, there is a possibility of floodgate litigation, a valuable right of a citizen cannot be permitted to be taken away.
Only because, there is a possibility of floodgate litigation, a valuable right of a citizen cannot be permitted to be taken away.
Reliance, inter alia, was placed by the enquiry officer on the FIR which could not have been treated as evidence.
This Court considered this question in its decision of 29 th September, 2006 in and noted that the authorities were now exercising judicial functions - and virtually overruling orders of the Supreme Court of India.
While the Union Government is still examining the Report of the Sundar Committee, the State of Kerala has taken the lead and brought on its statute Book the Kerala Road Safety Authority Act, 2007 (Kerala Act).
NOIDA Entrepreneurs Association’ sought inquiry by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in the matter and this Court vide order dated 20.01.1998 directed that the matter be investigated by the CBI.
It is a fundamental principle of general application that if a person of his own accord, accepts a contract on certain terms and works out the contract, he cannot be allowed to adhere to and abide by some of the terms of the contract which proved advantageous to him and repudiate the other terms of the same contract which might be disadvantageous to him.
As the respondent has been awarded sufficient punishment under different heads of Section 3(3) and 6 TADA, and the said offences themselves are a part of the conspiracy, and the learned Designated Court has divided the conspiracy into various components, considering the present case, where the accused were either involved in participating in various conspiratorial meetings, receiving training in the handling of arms, their active participation in the throwing of bombs or parking of vehicles fitted with explosives, or where the accused persons participated only in the landing and transportation of contraband, but were not aware of the contents of the said contraband, and further, another category where the accused had knowledge of the contents of the contraband, but did not participate either in the conspiratorial meetings held, or in any actual incident of any terrorist activity, and has awarded different punishments accordingly, we do not see any cogent reason to allow the said appeal.
This agreement dated 05.03.2012 does not contain the arbitration clause.
The ‘rarest of rare’ classification evolved in Bachon Singh’s case was intended to restrict the case of death penalty.
Denial of truth we have not known.
Addressing the large media contingent which had gathered, the President said he enjoyed morning walks every day in the Gardens.
Incorrect answers will be awarded negative scores, and no marks will be awarded for questions not attempted.
The actions of any individual member of Parliament, even if he has an individual privilege of his own, cannot determine whether or not the privilege of Parliament is to apply.
In this case also there was huge amount of debt on the company as it took loan on land and building/factory from different financial institutions.
As far as the present case is concerned, as pointed out earlier, Rule 3(3) prescribes that before taking their seat for the first time, the members must subscribe oath or affirmation.
It prescribes an additional ground for attracting the jurisdiction of a court over and above the “normal  grounds as laid down in Section 20 of the Code.
It is submitted that PW5 is a trustworthy witness, who is not related to the deceased and saw the accused running away from the spot.
Some learned counsels supplemented him while others opposed his narrow interpretation of the provision under consideration.
This drastic change in the process of appointment of a judge of a High Court obviously has a very long term impact since it is ultimately from the ‘cadre’ of High Court judges that most Supreme Court judges would be appointed, if the existing practice is followed.
All ER 141, observed.
The prosecutrix became pregnant, gave birth to a child and accused did not keep his promise to marry her.
The prosecutrix became pregnant, gave birth to a child and accused did not keep his promise to marry her.
The question and answers will appear on the screen in both Hindi and English.
In his message the President has said, 'On the joyous occasion of Idu'l Fitr, I extend my warm greetings and good wishes to all my fellow citizens.
The printed book is known as Optical Mark Recognition (OMR) sheet.
By making a retrospective amendment to the said Rule 299(1)(b) more than fifteen years after that right had accrued to him, what was done was to take away the appellant's right to receive pension according to the rules in force on the date of his retirement or in any event to curtail and abridge that right.
The basic information which are with the UIDAI are demographic and biometric information.
It cannot be predicted who would be the nearest reversioner at the time of her death.
Thus, by definition, law provides the normative basis and the architecture for the conduct of public policy.
In the present case, the parties were heard on sentence by both the courts below, and finally by this Court, as is apparent from the Judgment under review.
However, the High Court should have taken into consideration all the relevant facts and evidence on record as the Tribunal has failed to exercise its power and discharge its statutory duty to award just and reasonable compensation in her favour.
Some of the earliest examples of PPP in India are: - the Great Indian Peninsular Railway Company operating between Bombay and Thane (1853); the Bombay Tramway Company running tramway services in Bombay (1874); as well as the power generation and distribution companies in Bombay and Kolkata in the early 20th century.
#�4%u202bݩu202c#%�-�
The High Court was rightly conscious of its duty to ensure that violators of law do not get away with it.
Chairman – Senior most officer in the officers appointed in the Central Government offices situated in the town.
PW-2, Ses Ram deposed that he was the owner of the Alto car and had on 13.08.2009 sold the same to Govind Singh.
He has classified cases up to 1976 in terms of the reasons given by the Court for awarding or refusing to award death sentence.
The firms in Network C have also not furnished any data in support of their claim that the money remitted by them to the multinational entity is in respect of above matters only and that the same in no way relates to the volume of business generated through the efforts of the multinational entity and through use of brand name.
Thus the case of the CBI is that this Society was illegally revived.
According to the learned state counsel, the testimony of DW1, the son of the appellant is wholly untrustworthy, it being partisan and untruthful and in that view of the matter, the mishap having occurred inside the house in which the couple used to live, the appellant, in absence of any explanation for the episode, has been rightly held to be guilty of the offence charged by both the courts below.
The Members of the Commission after due discussion and deliberations have unanimously approved the report of the Commission.
If the change made in the article results in a new and different article then it would amount to a manufacturing activity.
As per the latest report of the NHRC, a notice has been issued to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India to show cause why monetary relief should not be paid to the next of kin of the deceased.
I also call upon the connected Union Ministries of Social Justice & Empowerment, Women and Child Development, Human Resource Development, Health and Family Welfare, Labour & Employment, etc. to work in unison to achieve the desired results.
Uttar Pradesh is a tourist hot spot that attracts tourists from all over the world as it is considered to be the essence of India.
I also appreciate the Director General of CRPF for providing a firm leadership to this Force.
The Appellant is an advocate and also an ex-member of the Legislative Assembly.
They have actively formulated schemes and guidelines for financial assistance in different areas of medicinal plants sector covered under Promotional and Commercial schemes applicable both for Government and non - government organizations.
This Court has laid down that since the land was lying fallow with no crop on it, the Tehsildar going on the spot and inspecting the land was enough to constitute taking possession.
Coming then to the case at hand, we regret to say that the trial Court and the High Court appear to have remained oblivious to the provisions of Code of Criminal Procedure.
The Court must not make an order under subsection (1) - (a) staying any proceedings that have been instituted by a person, either as to the whole or part of the proceedings; or (b) prohibiting a person from instituting proceedings, or proceedings of a particular class; without hearing that person or giving that person an opportunity of being heard.
This led to the adoption of the 1997 Takeover Regulations.
My Government has introduced dynamic and comprehensive reforms in theCoal sector and conducted transparent auction/ allocation of over 70 coal blocks.
We have already extracted a passage from the judgment of Field J. in Munn v. Illinois (1877) 94 U.S. 113, where the learned Judge pointed out that 'life' in the 5th and 14th Amendments of the U.S. Constitution corresponding to means not merely the right to the continuance of a person's animal existence, but a right to the possession of each of his organs-his arms and legs etc.
Sheodan Singh took note of several judgments of the High Courts, which preferred to overlook procedural technicalities ostensibly in the interests of the merits of the matter, but did not state its final opinion, which has propelled us to do so in order so that the divergent opinions be interred and dissonance be removed.
In this connection, a delegation of the Delhi branch of the Hind Kusht Nivaran Sangh called on the President.
A crime suspect, declared the court, may be interrogated and subjected to sustained and scientific interrogation in the manner determined by the provisions of law, but, no such suspect can be tortured or subjected to third degree methods or eliminated with a view to eliciting information, extracting a confession or deriving knowledge about his accomplices, weapons etc.
There is no middle course and no half-way house.
The programme is implemented by all the three tiers of Panchayat Raj Institutions.
The parties affected are high-level functionaries and the impact of erroneous judgment can be calamitous.
The parties affected are high-level functionaries and the impact of erroneous judgment can be calamitous.
Reasonable prospectus of conviction has been wrongly discussed by the lower court replacing it to the conclusive proof of the conviction with a detailed discussion …….
An Advocate shall not buy or traffic in or stipulate for or agree to receive any share or interest in any actionable claim.
He is desperate to get back to school and find out why his friends have been so secretive all summer.
EVMs can cater to a maximum of 64 candidates.
If you will not come on 25th or 26th then on 27th you will get a telephone call of my death.
The children of late Jambusab could not agree to divide the properties of late Jambusab.
Khalil Ahmed (A-42) has stated that when the smuggled goods were being reloaded, the same consisted of 59 gunny bags containing a cement like black soap, 91 boxes and 7 long canvas bags.
It is difficult to state it as an absolute rule.
An entrustment mahazar was prepared.
The duration of the Panchayat is fixed under for a maximum of five years subject to dissolution in accordance with law dealing with the subject.
In the test-checked months, the number of Law Officers ranging between 20 and 87 had not been allotted any work for whole of the month resulting in idle salary payment of 2.22 crore to these Law Officers for six months as detailed above.
Even in the first appellate Court, such question was not raised, hence not considered.
Safi, Accused No.5, was also arrested.
Safi, Accused No.5, was also arrested.
The fact that appellants were covered by General Provident Fund Scheme is apparent from the materials brought on record.
This particular clause which is now before the House is not brought for discussion for the first time.
After considering the objections put forward in reply to the show cause notice, the Divisional Forest Officer, vide order dated 03.07.1998, ordered confiscation of the 125 kgs of sandalwood oil.
In that decision (hereafter referred to as CPIL – although this case is generally referred to as the 2G scam case) the Court dealt with the question of following a non-discriminatory policy for alienation of natural resources.
A strong and well - defined health care sector helps to build a healthy and productive workforce as well as stabilise population.
Through its affiliated colleges and post-graduate departments, the University has made a visible impact in teaching-learning innovations and quality research.
Our educational institutions should break down the silos in which different disciplines function and strive for a harmonious interchange of thoughts between the humanities, science, languages and other disciplines.
The Act established Tribunals for determining whether a person is an illegal migrant.
As indicated hereinbefore, the said views were approved by the Division Bench, which did not interfere with the decision or the directions given consequent thereto by the learned Single Judge.
As indicated hereinbefore, the said views were approved by the Division Bench, which did not interfere with the decision or the directions given consequent thereto by the learned Single Judge.
The moral principle underlying this legal standard is the principle of respect for autonomy, supplemented by the idea that when a patient is not currently capable of making a decision for himself, we can nonetheless respect his autonomy by following or reconstructing, as best we can, the autonomous decision he would have made if he were able.
Such period was referred to as the interregnum period or gap period, and was then dealt with under various heads.
Such period was referred to as the interregnum period or gap period, and was then dealt with under various heads.
It is through their conduct in the field that they need to inspire confidence in the people.
All the first three Surveyors spoke about this fact in one voice.
It may be mentioned that the directions issued therein were general in nature though concerning the problem of air pollution.
Such cases cannot be many and can be easily identified by the supervisory officers.
In the event that the defence version is accepted, and it is believed that Praveen (deceased) had in fact, misbehaved with the wife of the appellant, the same could actually lead to the inference that the appellant may have had an even stronger motive to eliminate Praveen (deceased).
During authentication no information about the nature of transaction etc. is obtained.
Secondly, it was asserted on behalf of the Union of India, that the respondent had not placed any material before the Court, on which the High Court could have arrived at the conclusion, that the essential qualifications of the post against which the respondent claimed parity, as also, the method of recruitment thereto, were the same as that of the post held by the respondent.
The facts and circumstances giving rise to these appeals are : A. That a huge area of land admeasuring 607 Bighas and 5 Biswas situate in the revenue estate of villages Durgapura, Jhalan Chod, Sanganer and Dhol-ka-Bad in District Jaipur, stood notified under Section 4(1) of the Rajasthan Land Acquisition Act, 1953 (hereinafter referred to as the `Act’) on 18.7.1979, for a public purpose i.e. industrial development, to be executed by the appellant Rajasthan State Industrial Development and Investment Corporation (in short ‘RIICO’).
The assessee had paid Rs.615/- and Rs.720-/ for crushing seasons 1996-97 and 1997-98 respectively per metric tone at the time of purchase of cane and the balance amount was paid later on, as per contracted price increase of sugarcane on contract basis and as per Mantri Committee Advice in case of purchase of sugarcane from members and others.
The assessee had paid Rs.615/- and Rs.720-/ for crushing seasons 1996-97 and 1997-98 respectively per metric tone at the time of purchase of cane and the balance amount was paid later on, as per contracted price increase of sugarcane on contract basis and as per Mantri Committee Advice in case of purchase of sugarcane from members and others.
It was briefly contended that the case at hand required a determination of fact and law and should be sent to trial.
At this stage, it is required to be noted that, as per the MRTP Act, any Development Plan made under the said Act had to take precedence over any Scheme to the contrary.
The matter eventually went up to the High Court and the learned Chief Justice and another Judge had to pass very strong remarks against such executive interference with the administration of justice.
The matter eventually went up to the High Court and the learned Chief Justice and another Judge had to pass very strong remarks against such executive interference with the administration of justice.
If the Attorney General's submission is correct, any comment in the media or elsewhere on what is said in Parliament would constitute 'questioning' since all members of Parliament must speak and act taking into account what political commentators and others will say.
Under , whoever cheats by personating becomes liable to punishment with imprisonment.
The accused persons might have felt delighted in acquittal and affected by the order of rehearing, but they should bear in mind that they are not the lone receivers of justice.
The grantee institution shall render progress - cum - achievement reports at interval of not exceeding six months on the progress made on all aspects of the project including expenditure incurred on various approved items during the period.
Section 195(1)(b)(ii) would be attracted only when the offences enumerated in the said provision have been committed with respect to a document after it has been produced or given in evidence in a proceeding in any court i.e. during the time when the document was in custodia legis.
Strive to continuously improve our processes and quality.
(2) No Court shall take cognizance of any offence alleged to have been committed by any member of the Armed Forces of the Union while acting or purporting to act in the discharge of his official duty, except with the previous sanction of the Central Government.
The allegation of widespread corruption appears to have been made only to try and explain why the petitioner was not given appointment, though it begs the question how a person not empanelled in the unreserved category could be appointed.
Though it has been observed that in some cases it is difficult to determine a direction but in the instant case considering the fact that the injuries are only on the right side which is on driver's side, 3 wounds were caused on the chest and injury Nos.1, 5 and 6 were caused by the same bullet obviously fired from the driver's side window only as is apparent from the direction of communicating injuries also.
This body was presided over by Lord Macaulay and consisted of J.M. Macleod, G.W. Anderson and F. Millet as members.
Further, the Company should ensure that the generation and disposal of copper slag is maintained in the ratio of 1:1 and that the Company at best, can retain 10 days generation of copper slag in its dump yard.
CrPC, the entire funding for acquisition of the shares in question had come from Appellant No.1 in the year 1992-1993 when Respondent No.2 was a youngster aged about 24 years.
Secondly.- The property, whether movable or immovable, of himself or of any other person, against any act which is an offence falling under the definition of theft, robbery, mischief or criminal trespass, or which is an attempt to commit theft, robbery, mischief or criminal trespass.
She jumped out of the jeep and waded through the mud, her saree raised above ankle.
Chapter I UNCERTAINTY OF SCIENCE AND PROBLEMS OF ENVIRONMENTAL COURTS While the advances in science and technology in the last few decades have been extraordinary, the fact remains that in certain areas concerning environment, where the data play a crucial role, results of experiments conducted by scientific institutions have remained tentative.
The submissions though attractive have no legs to stand.
The appellant and his brother were living on their own.
Horizontal reservation cuts across vertical reservation (in what is called interlocking reservation) and person selected against the quota for persons with disabilities have to be placed in the appropriate category viz. SC/ST/OBC/General candidates depending upon the category to which they belong in the roster meant for reservation of SCs/STs/OBCs.
It was submitted that upon proper appraisal of evidence, the trial court as well as the High Court rightly convicted the appellants and the verdict of conviction and sentence of imprisonment imposed on the appellants warrant no interference.
Since duty is the primary yardstick to determine the tortious liability its ambit keeps on widening on the touchstone of fairness, practicality of the situation etc.
In Glaxo India Ltd.‘s case (supra), all that this Court declared was that the effect of a superseding notification would have to be determined on a proper construction of the notification itself and not by any single principle or legal consideration.
The Lieutenant Governor has been vested with the power to act in his own discretion in matters which fall outside the ambit and power of the legislative assembly and which have been delegated to him by the President as well as in regard to those matters where he is required under law to exercise his own discretion or to act in exercise of judicial or quasi judicial functions.
At some level, somebody is required to consider the compliance.
The list is illustrative and not exhaustive.
In concluding portion it was observed that the decision has to be in accordance with law.
Mr. Siddharth Luthra, learned senior counsel has produced two sealed covers containing the reports submitted by Superintendent of the Central Jail No.2 and the Superintendent of Central Jail No.4 in respect of the petitioners who are in the respective jails.
Broking services include Margin Trading Facility, Online Trading platform for security as also the units of various mutual funds through BSE StAR MF platform, SIP in securities, IPO / NCD bidding etc.
The underlined portion indicates that the deceased had committed suicide out of frustration and discontentment and due to the reason that her maternal grandfather did not reach for her rescue.
After allowing for an Aux. load of approximately 125 KW, the load available for melting shall be approximately 1300 KW.
Instead of representing against the show cause notice, the respondent filed writ petition No.30278/2004 challenging the said show cause notice.
Learned counsel on behalf of the respondents contended that the existing right of the State cannot be decided in the proceedings under section 18 or 30 of the LA Act.
Fees for technical services, therefore, by virtue of the aforesaid explanation will not include payments made in connection with a mining project.
Also, certain disqualifications have to be laid down that apply to those who seek office in the State Associations, along with limits on their tenures and terms.
It was also submitted that the Chargesheet was expected to be served on the Appellant before 12.9.2014, (viz., before the expiry of the fourth extension).
I told before the CBI officer the entire story of my leaving Udaipur for Pratapgarh and from there to come back to Udaipur and then to visit Hyderabad to meet Shahid Rampuri in jail and Naeem Khan at Hyderabad and to assured Naeem Khan to supply AK 56 weapons to him and then come to Indore and again Udaipur and to stay with Sohrabuddin at Udaipur as said by me in my examination in chief.
Good academic record as defined by the concerned university with at least 55% marks (or an equivalent grade in a point scale wherever grading system is follows) at the Master’s Degree level in a relevant subject from an Indian University, or an equivalent degree from an accredited foreign university.
With the dismissal of the said Writ Petitions, the challenge to the auction sale of the subject property on 10.09.2008 became final.
It is under the abovementioned Rules that the Respondents filed an application on 16.7.2003 for change of land use from residential to commercial.
She used to go to the well alone to address her daily needs.
If the said SIM Card was found by some other person and he was using the SIM card, he could not travelled along with the accused at the same time and in the same flight.
It is essential to state here that while so stating the Court adverted to the issue whether there had been due consideration of the case of the petitioner by the Government.
Therefore, we should not lose site of the fact that in the overall economic growth of the country, International Commercial Arbitration would play a vital part.
Given the fact that the State continued with the grant of set off till the year 2014, and reopened assessments beginning from 2008-09 based on an audit objection, we are of the view that it would be highly inequitable at this juncture to allow the State to charge interest, which would arise as a result of stay orders being passed in the writ petitions.
The programme emphasizes an integrated approach for development of handicraft clusters.
Opposition to euthanasia, on moral grounds, proceeds primarily on the basis that neither the concerned person has a right to take his own life, which is God’s creation, nor anybody else has this right.
As our development partnership expands and assumes an increasingly vital role in our foreign policy, my Government has established a Development Partnership Administration in the Ministry of External Affairs for more efficient and effective administration of our wide - ranging assistance programme, which covers financial aid, capacity building and training and the sharing of our development experience and expertise.
After receiving information from a person, A-14 was arrested by him in Buddha Wada locality of Mhasala.
The threat of immediate punishment is the most effective deterrent against misconduct.
Although it was wholly unnecessary to do so, Gajendragadkar, J. said: …it may not be out of place incidentally to strike a note of caution and observe that in order that the practises in question should be treated as a part of religion they must be regarded by the said religion as its essential and integral part; otherwise even purely secular practises which are not an essential or an integral part of religion are apt to be clothed with a religious form and may make a claim for being treated as religious practises within the meaning of Similarly, even practises though religious may have sprung from merely superstitious beliefs and may in that sense be extraneous and unessential accretions to religion itself.
It was categorically stated that since then this land was treated as forest and it was also included in the list of forests in the Government record.
There is no doubt that a prohibition can be imposed on mining under certain circumstances or on the grant of leases under the aforesaid Act but not on transportation de hors illegal mining.
There is no doubt that a prohibition can be imposed on mining under certain circumstances or on the grant of leases under the aforesaid Act but not on transportation de hors illegal mining.
It is indeed a great pleasure to welcome Your Excellency and Madame Valerie Trierweiler on your first State Visit to India.
Therefore, it cannot be said that VSNL is not performing a public function.
Therefore, it cannot be said that VSNL is not performing a public function.
But then came the opinion dated August 24, 1993 of my learned brother Ahmadi, J. like a pebble of hope hewn out of a mountain of despair, followed by the opinions of my _ learned Brethern Kuldip Singh and Pandian, JJ. dated September 7, 1993 and September 9, 1993 respectively.
The incumbent teacher must be on the roll and active service of the Universities/Colleges on the date of consideration by the Selection Committee for Selection/CAS Promotion.
If he is not, and the trial is continuing, then the six-year period is appropriate for two reasons— first, it is long enough to ensure that the enlarged scope of disqualification has enough deterrent effect.
The Committee, at the same time, noted the possibility of re-command in respect of certain Arms and Services which have some Units permanently located in peace areas or where the Unit Commanders are not physically required to operate in combat/difficult terrain.
Subject to a minimum usage of Rs 20, 000 before annual renewal.
Learned senior counsel then placed reliance on the first, third, fourth, fifth and sixth sequences of facts, to contend that the constitutional turmoil which prevailed in the State of Arunachal Pradesh was of a nature, wherein it was futile to seek the aid and advice of the Council of Ministers with the Chief Minister as the head.
And second, such duty cannot remain in force for a period of more than six months, which is only extendable on request made by the foreign exporters who represent a significant percentage of the trade involved, to a maximum period of 9 months.
Experience gained in implementation of this policy indicates that there are many issues addressed by the policy which need to be reviewed.
This is the sole question arises for consideration in this appeal.
Sub-Section (1) prescribes for giving wide publicity of the Board’s intention.
As discussed earlier, at the time of making application for allotment of industrial plot, the applicant has to clearly disclose all the facts regarding the type of industry to be started, licence if necessary under law, project report, estimated cost of project, details regarding time required in completing the project, details of employees required, source of fund etc.
A. Allauddin & Sons, yet again, to vacate the suit land.
This is of course one possible way of looking at the issue.
The Advocates’ Association of Western India lends its support with dignity to the legal profession.
The appellant clearly derived pecuniary advantage of Rs.9,90,000/- which was a huge amount in the year 1994 and thus the appellant obtained a valuable thing for himself i.e. plot No.27 in Sector-14A.
In both the statements the age of defendant no. 3 was stated as 21 years.
Such disclosure could occur, for example, through contacts via mail, emails, phone calls, meetings etc.
In this behalf Rule 3 and in particular clause (b) thereof was pressed into service.
Proliferation of the recently-launched 'Start-up India  to the rural sector could provide fillip to the setting up of agro-based enterprises.
But Lal Bahadur had made up his mind.
By the laws of England, every invasion of private property, be it ever so minute, is a trespass.
It is to be noted that the witness statements of PW 4 and PW 5 were recorded five days after the incident.
On the occurrence day i.e. on 29.5.1983 at 10.30 a.m.
During the course of hearing it was brought to our notice that in view of several usury laws and debt relief laws in force in several States private moneylending has almost come to an end and needy borrowers by and large depend on banking institutions for financial facilities.
While the Berlin Rules set out that river water included groundwater, no such definition is available either in the Constitution or any other Indian law.
While the Berlin Rules set out that river water included groundwater, no such definition is available either in the Constitution or any other Indian law.
Productivity increase in agriculture is also considerably dependent on capital formation both from the public and private sectors.
Secretary (Home) Member Secretary).
The assent of the Parliament of the United Kingdom is hereby given to the omission from the Royal Style and Titles of the words ' Indiae Imperator ' and the words ' Emperor of India ' and to the issue by His Majesty for that purpose of His Royal Proclamation under the Great Seal of the Realm.‖ ―Standstill Agreements, the acceptance of which was made by the Government of India conditional on accession by the States concerned were also entered into between the Dominion Government and the acceding States.
GGL simultaneously pursued the remedies (Suit-I and an arbitration proceeding) for the resolution of the dispute with MGG when the parties to the suit settled their dispute by mutual agreement, there is no need to approach this Court by filing interlocutory applications in appeals which had already been disposed off.
While defining the meaning of these expressions, judicial review is confronted with the basic question of when would apply and the situations in which the requirement of a non-discriminatory tax is fulfilled.
The Oberoi Hotels Private Ltd., Respondent No. 2 owns a brand name 'Oberoi'.
The other dimension of what according to the assesses amounts to discrimination lies in goods coming from outside the State for sale, consumption or use within a local area of another State being subjected to an entry tax at a rate different from the one at which goods manufactured within the taxing State are taxed.
The large resources of skill, labour and money now being devoted to Anthony Bland might in the opinion of many be more fruitfully employed in improving the condition of other patients, who if treated may have useful, healthy and enjoyable lives for years to come .
Provided that, different fees may be approved under clause (b) in relation to different institutions or different classes or different standards or different courses of studies or different areas.
The doctrine of promissory estoppel or equitable estoppel is well established in the administrative law of the country.
To follow that interpretation will result in perpetuating what, with humility we say, is an error and in perpetuating a tax burden imposed on the people which, according to our considered opinion, is manifestly and wholly unauthorised.
Thereafter on 23. 09. 2002 complainant left her matrimonial home and since then she is living at her parental home along with her son Mukul.
We see no illegality in the Impugned Order dated 23.10.2018 passed by the National Commission.
The Commission recognizes the role and importance of sectoral regulators and exercises its jurisdiction keeping in mind their role and responsibilities.
It is said that Vedic learning is concerned with human anatomy and physiology.
The underlying purpose of securing judicial independence was salutary but the method of acquiring for the Court the exclusive power to appoint judges by the process of judicial interpretation is open to question.
The prosecutrix was sent for medical examination to Regional Hospital, Chamba.
The appellant was the Ruler of the princely State of Kota, now a part of State of Rajasthan.
The Olympiads signify excellence in education and an undoubted knowledge base. India has the following Olympiads to appreciate such talent in students.
The proposed Bill seeks to broad base the method of appointment of Judges in the Supreme Court and High Courts, enables participation of judiciary, executive and eminent persons and ensures greater transparency, accountability and objectivity in the appointment of the Judges in the Supreme Court and High Court.
However, on the basis of sanction obtained from the State Government, the CBI filed chargesheet against the accused persons in the Court of Special Judge, Patiala.
If two courts, staffed by experienced judges can commit errors in the determination of guilt or sentence, there is nothing to suggest that the same mistake cannot be made by the judge of the third tier as well.
The judgment of the trial court came to be affirmed in appeal being Civil Appeal No.59 of 1969, by the District Judge of Kumaon, Nainital.
Keeping in view the aforementioned principle of law, when we examine the facts of the case at hand then we find that the public notice (advertisement), extracted above, only stipulated a term for deposit of the security amount of Rs.3 lakhs by the bidder (appellant) but it did not publish any stipulation that the security amount deposited by the bidder (appellant herein) is liable for forfeiture by the State and, if so, in what contingencies.
When livestock products arrive at the checkpoint, they will be checked by the Officer - in - charge of the Animal Quarantine and Certification Services Station or any other veterinary officer duly approved by the Department Of Animal Husbandry and Dairying (External website that opens in a new window).
Since 2003 Pravasi Bharatiya Divas (PBD) is celebrated on 9 January every year to enable engagement of the government with the overseas Indian community and recognize their contribution to the development of India.
Such type of law is in existence in the country of Kosovo.
A fortiori, we hold that the application filed by the respondents under Section 12 of the Act is not maintainable on the ground that firstly, it is not based on an “arbitration agreement  within the meaning of and read with Section 10 of the Act and secondly, assuming that there exists an arbitration agreement (Clause 20 of the trust deed) yet the disputes specified therein are not capable of being referred to private arbitration for their adjudication on merits.
The first was to request the NCBC to reconsider its earlier decision of conducting the sample survey and to tender its advice on the basis of materials already available.
The state produces substantial quantities of oranges, peaches, pineapples, pears, guavas, plums and bananas of superb table variety.
A-13 threw a bomb which hit on the back of Kambagiri Ramudu and exploded.
It has to be kept in mind that she has a right to life and entitled to love according to her choice.
Blessed with beautiful sand, Ramnagar beach is the perfect getaway from your mundane schedules.
I congratulate the University on it being listed as one of the twenty nine universities in the country under the 'Promotion of University Research and Scientific Excellence (PURSE) programme of the Department of Science and Technology, Government of India.
The country is almost self - sufficient in manufacture of most varieties of handmade papers.
The concept of gratitude was however intertwined with loyalty by Laura E. Little, as in her view, gratitude and loyalty, were closely related.
It seems to us that the word, 'consultation' has been used in as a matter of constitutional courtesy in view of the fact that two very high dignitaries are concerned in the matter, namely, the President and the Chief Justice of India.
She has stated in her evidence that she earned Rs.50,000/- from “Ponds beauty  competition, Rs.30,000/- from Oriya feature film “Maa Pari Kiye Haba , Rs.60,000/- from Oriya feature film “Dharma Debata , Rs. 75,000/- from Malayalam feature film “Paith Dhigem Alam , Rs.10,000/- from each T.V. serial, Rs.5,000 to Rs.7,000/- from each album.
However, the expression of such intent must be appropriately tempered with the assurance that there will be no compromise on certainty and transparency in domestic law.
The samples were then made into powder form.
The original invoice or bill of scheduled goods, generally include the entire value including the import duty or custom duty and in any event the inclusion of 'all other charges incidental to the purchase of such goods' has to necessarily mean all charges including custom duty which is incidental to the purchase.
The only question that arises for consideration, is no more res-integra.
The above submission advanced by the learned Attorney General have been echoed by the learned counsels appearing on behalf of the other respondents in the writ petitions i.e. Akhil Bharatvarshiya Jat Mahasabha, Jat Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti and the Jat Sabha Zila, Meerut.
The appellant as Karta of Ram Mohandas Tandon (HUF) was allotted 22,50,000 shares of the target company by way of preferential allotment, which constituted 6.46% of its total share capital.
These values unavoidably play a role in the balancing of elements in a S.12 analysis.
Carrying out a full fledged trial, learned Sessions Judge formed the opinion that the accused were proved to be guilty of the offences with which they were charged except for the charge against /, .
As we are unable to subscribe to the view expressed in Steel Authority of India's case (supra), we refer the matter to a larger Bench.
The Officer had received a legal notice from Mr. Pundir on August 2, 2007 alleging harrasment/mental torture etc., unwarranted telephone calls to him as well as his family members.
While selling the goods they raised invoices on the price of goods plus ‘Dharmada’ a charitable donation from customers.
Sub-clause (2) of enables the Parliament to enact law formulating principles for determining when a sale or purchase of goods takes place in any of the ways mentioned in clause (1).
No doubt, when the appellant admitted that the narcotic drug was recovered from the gunny bags stacked in the autorickshaw, the burden of proof is on him to prove that he had no knowledge about the fact that those gunny bags contained such a substance.
Here the thing to be done by impeachment is removal and disqualification, not discipline of any sort.  In other words the Constitution permitted a particular method for impeachment and disqualifications but did not prohibit disciplining judges in a different mode.
He requested for supply of certain documents.
The contention of the Appellant is that the land belonging to him was leased out to the sugar mill and the vesting is only of the leasehold interest in the land and that he continues to be the title holder.
However, in view of the above common order, it is made clear that parties to maintain status-quo will cover any further steps to these suits.
We now consider the circumstances which have weighed with the Courts below:- a) The appellant was the only male member residing with his mother, wife and five daughters.
The petitioner has been carrying on mining operations in these lands for the last nearly 45 years.
Addressing the Officers, the President said there are few bureaucracies in the world who posses the qualifications, repertoire of skills and talents that they possess.
The above finding of the tribunal is contrary to the principle of 'just compensation' enunciated by the Supreme Court in the judgment in Helen's case (1 supra).
In other words it would not be necessary to specify which law would apply to the Arbitration proceedings, since the law of the particular country would apply ipso jure.
In other words it would not be necessary to specify which law would apply to the Arbitration proceedings, since the law of the particular country would apply ipso jure.
I congratulate ISKCON for their efforts in highlighting and propagating the timeless teachings of Lord Krishna across the world.
Both sides further agreed to promote bilateral collaboration in disaster management.
This task is given to Prasar Bharati.
The efficacy of the administrative tribunal and the legal input would undeniably be more important and sacrificing the legal input and not giving it sufficient weightage would definitely impair the efficacy and effectiveness of the Administrative Tribunal.
Altogether a different statement was given to the investigating authorities and in the Court.
Plaintiffs had agreed to repay the loan amount on monthly installment of Rs.6,645/-.
Such judicial order is simply to be ignored as it is not open to the Judges to decide which matter is to be heard by whom as laid down by Constitution Bench.
But pursuade the State Govt.
The essence of a decision that binds the parties to the case is the principle upon which the case is decided and for this reason, it is important to analyse a decision and cull out from it, the ratio decidendi.
Resultantly, the trial Court, as also, the High Court, concluded that the extra-judicial confession was genuine.
The first Appellate Court also affirmed the finding of the trial Court that the donee had accepted the gift made in his favour.
The applicants / respondent no.1 and 2 in the month of January, 2018 also came to know that the petitioner was trying to dispose of the property in question.
Learned counsel for the petitioner submits that the father of the petitioner himself is unwell and not in a position to take her to the hospital.
I had a talk with the District Judge there and he also expressed his dissatisfaction about the working of Sri Singh in the discharge of his duties as a Judicial Officer.
I had a talk with the District Judge there and he also expressed his dissatisfaction about the working of Sri Singh in the discharge of his duties as a Judicial Officer.
We cannot recognize or give effect to, what is called the 'demand' rule.
That brings us to the recommendation made by the Committee regarding the formation of a Players’ Association.
It is submitted that the Division Bench without considering the relevant issues and provisions of Section 173-A allowed the appeal.
The Presiding Judge should give guidance in the matter of law and decision making process.
She also argued before us that it was highly improper on the part of the respondents to have suppressed the proceeding that ultimately culminated in the Sessions Court order of 12.02.2018, and said that on this ground also since the respondents approached the High Court with unclean hands, the impugned order ought to be set aside.
The fact that two separate states are formed after the bifurcation, which were once a single entity for the purpose of levying sales tax, would be of no consequence so as to disturb the legal and constitutional impact by which two separate States were created and the legal effect of as regards the inter-state character of inter-state transactions.
The question that arises, however, for consideration is whether bar of jurisdiction under Articles 226 and 227 affects the provision for judicial review.
The appellant accompanied him (A-10) to the house of Shafi and took a new scooter from his residence.
Therefore, the learned Senior Counsel submits that both the Tribunal and the High Court were not justified in not awarding the just and reasonable compensation under the heading of future income.
An informed decision can be made at a later stage when additional data is available or resources permit further research.
Mr. Vikas Singh, learned senior counsel appearing for the employer-Bank, has submitted that the delinquent employee completed thirty years of service in 1992 and regard being had to the stipulation in the Regulation 19(1), he stood superannuated.
There can be no dispute, that if the direction to hold such a test can be avoided, it should be so avoided.
The assistance will also be towards free access to software on 'Downscaling Methodology' developed for lending to micro enterprises.
With these few words, I conclude.
Be that as it may, in deference to the wishes of this Court expressed in the aforesaid order, the Central Government informed the Court on December 16, 1993 that State of Punjab was willing to take the petitioner on deputation for one year.
The appellant after becoming major on 22.08.1966 filed a suit on 07.02.1973 praying that transferors be required to deliver the possession of the property.
Recently, he spoke to Taslima Khan on what SIDBI is doing to help small businesses in India.
India is undergoing far - reaching social and economic change.
Order dated April 28, 1958 relating to verification of the character of a Government servant, upon first appointment, wherein the individual is required to furnish information about criminal antecedents of the new appointees and if the incumbent is found to have made a false statement in this regard, he is liable to be discharged forthwith without prejudice to any other action as may be considered necessary by the competent authority.
Order dated April 28, 1958 relating to verification of the character of a Government servant, upon first appointment, wherein the individual is required to furnish information about criminal antecedents of the new appointees and if the incumbent is found to have made a false statement in this regard, he is liable to be discharged forthwith without prejudice to any other action as may be considered necessary by the competent authority.
Eventually, the Court unsettled the order passed by the trial court as well as by the High Court.
He became afraid and ran away with the cash bag.
Litigation was thus bound to multiply. Year after year, more and more cases landed, into the courts.
According to the learned Additional Solicitor General the Manual and the Guidelines are indicative and not mandatory.
At this stage, we think it apposite to state that while sanctity attached to an order of sanction should never be forgotten but simultaneously the rampant corruption in society has to be kept in view.
However, this provision should focus on preventing jurisdictional bars in civil liability claims that would otherwise be maintainable in courts of the Host State if not for jurisdictional constraints.
The area of this Sanctuary is 50 Sq. Km.
Banking operations would, inter alia, include accepting of loans and deposits, granting of loans and recovery of the debts due to the bank.
A new regional office at Jabalpur has also been constituted.
Neither the Sessions Court nor the High Court has any case that there is any intentional omission to give information by the appellant to the police.
PW1 wanted them to spend the money for mutation, which was not done.
The Union Cabinet has cleared the long - pending Right to Education Bill, which promises free and compulsory education to every child.
In March 2016, a large number of writ petitions were filed in the Delhi High Court against the aforesaid notifications.
This power to frame tariff under Section 25 of the Act 1948 included the power to fix minimum guarantee charges.
The petitioner has raised, alternatively, an equally significant issue namely that even if the constitutional rights are not enforceable due to difficulties in “economic budgeting  even then the law enacted by Parliament in the form of the MWP Act mandates the protection and enforcement of the rights of elderly persons.
It is the substance of the contract document/s, and not merely the form, which has to be looked into.
While considering cases for grant of Vigilance Clearance for the purpose of empanelment of AIS officers of a particular batch, the Vigilance Clearance/status will continue to be ascertained from the respective State Government in respect of officers serving in connection with the affairs of the Central Government, the vigilance status/clearance will be obtained from the respective Ministry.
Integrated layer units will also require finance for construction of broiler houses, purchase of machinery / equipment for dressing of bird, refrigerated storage facilities for dressed birds and refrigerated van for their transport.
That question is whether in the light of the decision in Sunder(supra) the awardee/decree-holder would be entitled to claim interest on solatium in execution though it is not specifically granted by the decree.
That question is whether in the light of the decision in Sunder(supra) the awardee/decree-holder would be entitled to claim interest on solatium in execution though it is not specifically granted by the decree.
That case also pertains to a finance company which used to collect deposits, and credited part of its deposits to the profit and loss account, as in the present case.
That case also pertains to a finance company which used to collect deposits, and credited part of its deposits to the profit and loss account, as in the present case.
All the concerned authorities are directed to look after the aforesaid process being adopted for fixation of HSRPs and State must report back if the violation continues.
Consequently, we disagree with the manner in which Koushal has dealt with the privacy – dignity based claims of LGBT persons on this aspect.
The State / Divisional Directors of KVIC in consultation with KVIB and Director of Industries of respective states (for DICs) will give advertisements locally through print & electronic media inviting applications along with project proposals from prospective beneficiaries desirous of establishing the enterprise / starting of service units under PMEGP.
The total cost of inputs per unit area of insurance covered under this Policy shall be deemed to be the amount as specified in the policy, which shall be deemed to have been incurred at a percentage corresponding to the stage of cultivation.
On 15.08.1990, a Memorandum/petition, duly signed by Ms. Ruchika, Ms. Aradhana, Mr. Anand Prakash and Ms. Madhu Prakash-father and mother of Ms. Aradhana, was presented to the then Secretary (Home), Haryana.
Few regular cases have also been registered.
The incident in the present case had taken place 20 years ago.
The committee of experts and the Chairman held discussion with both the groups.
Sub-section (2) of shows that the terms and conditions for fixation of tariff shall be determined by Regulations and while doing so, the Commission shall be guided by the factors enumerated in clauses (a) to (g) thereof.
The respondents 1 to 5 were arrayed as accused 1 to 5 along with Gurnam Singh and Jagtar Singh, two other accused in Sessions Trial No.13/7 of 2001/2002.
Yet different types of interventions, open or covert, do take place in Asia, in Africa, in Latin America.
The second one is obtaining an adjournment for producing evidence or “on any other ground .
He also claims to be the husband of the deceased Mrs. Sonia Khosla, who had originally filed the complaint.
Ratio decidendi has the force of law and is binding on all statutory authorities when they deal with similar issues.
Ratio decidendi has the force of law and is binding on all statutory authorities when they deal with similar issues.
The two parties had a business relationship whereunder the defendant provided movies to the complainant for screening at his Theatre.
In order to prove its case, the prosecution examined nine witnesses and closed the evidence.
His brother having been critically injured, PW-2 must have been in a disturbed mind and must have been in a hurry to rush to the hospital to save his brother.
The court directed that sets of these operative documents be furnished to the Registrar General of the High Court so that these are circulated to all the MACTs.
Discussing on the problems relating to training in Hindi, Hindi Typewriting and Hindi Stenography and seek solutions to those problems.
Parties submitted to the jurisdiction of the Arbitral Tribunal, filed their statement of claim/reply etc. and adduced evidence.
In criminal cases pertaining to offences against human body, medical evidence has decisive role to play.
However, the daal milled in the village could not fetch good price in the market, as it did not have the shine and the color.
The idea of capital punishment is of great antiquity and formed a part of the primal concepts of the human race.
A use or category of uses is not entitled to any inherent preference over any other use or category of uses.
The case on hand may not strictly fall within the parameters indicated in the preceding paragraphs.
Also present on the occasion was Secretary, Department of School Education and Literacy, Ministry of HRD who said that teachers are central to any educational system.
This is clear from the affidavit which also states that closure under the PLP Act “creates forests  during the period of closure, after which the land is no longer shown as forest in government records.
In an organised herd, where large numbers of calves are raised, weaning at birth is advantageous.
The eviction was sought on the ground of respondent's bona fide need for his residence and also the members of his family.
Although Schedule IIIA was contemplated codifying convention but at the later stage it was decided to drop codifying the convenient.
The prosecution examined fifteen witnesses.
Again, on 6th January, 1993, his office was closed as the riots had resurfaced.
Subsequent thereto, they took a train back to Jalandhar.
Prakash Industries Ltd.
Provided further that in the case of any industry located in a hilly area, the provisions of this sub-clause shall have effect as if for the words 'one lakh rupees', the words 'one lakh and fifty thousand rupees' had been substituted.
The Government has launched Digital India, Skill India and Swachh Bharat programmes.
It was submitted that this ban is still in force and therefore it cannot be said that the terrible quality of air in Delhi in November 2016 and thereafter is attributable only to bursting of fireworks - there are several other factors.
As far as the impact of the retrospective operation of the executive instructions or statutory rules on the seniority of employees is concerned (including the Junior Engineers before us), this issue is now settled by a few recent decisions of this Court.
Under Section 10 of the Act, the Registrar has the power to classify the societies whereas Sections 11 and 12 of the Act deal with the power of Registrar with regard to amendment of bye-laws of the society.
The decision of the Trial Court was thus interfered with.
In this backdrop, evidence of PW-3, mother of the deceased Laxmi, assumes great significance, who has not even stated that her daughter was harassed for not bringing the alleged balance dowry amount.
The bye - laws provide that the arbitral tribunal shall make the arbitral award within three months from the date of entering upon the reference.
Orange and Green dwarf varieties are famous (tender coconut) for welcome drinks.
Mr. Sidharth Luthra and Mr. Ratnakar Das, learned senior counsel appearing on behalf of appellants A1 to A6 have inter alia reiterated that the judgments of the Trial Court as well as the High Court were erroneous as the prosecution had been unable to bring home its case.
A reading of these two judgments would, therefore, show that, on facts, it was held that since payment of service tax was not contemplated by the parties and it was agreed that the lessor shall continue to pay taxes, it was evident that the parties contemplated only existing taxes and not taxes which may arise in the future.
There is no dispute that even a decree for specific performance can be granted on the basis of oral contract.
Resultantly Complainant and Devinder Kumar Goyal have equal share in the above shares.
It is not that in every case there must be an opportunity of oral hearing.
We need to recognize women’s extraordinary ability to influence the direction of social change to create a just socio-economic order.
Thus, to lock in their margins, refineries in developed countries take positions in both crude oil and gasoline derivative contracts at the same time.
In the scheme of Tamil Nadu Value Added Tax Act, 2006, there is no power conferred on any authority under the Act to dilute the mandatory requirement under Section 19(11).
Students work together on academic tasks in small groups to help themselves and their teammates learn together.
Factors such as personal attachment, or affinity, kinship, empathy, religious sentiment or limiting the choice to whom he may be willing to sell, may permit him to sell the property at a song and without demur.
Factors such as personal attachment, or affinity, kinship, empathy, religious sentiment or limiting the choice to whom he may be willing to sell, may permit him to sell the property at a song and without demur.
It was pointed out, that Parliamentarians from different political parties had joined hands.
Explanation 2.-It may amount to defamation to make an imputation concerning a company or an association or collection of persons as such.
He said that the concept has today gained greater importance and relevance than ever before because of the increasing recognition of its inseparable link to social welfare and public good.
The remedy of appeal and revision is also provided in the taxing statutes which authorities are different from normal civil courts.
He further stated that in Chamunda Math he could see stains of blood on cemented portion and according to the witness the respondents were indulging in Tantrism.
He further stated that in Chamunda Math he could see stains of blood on cemented portion and according to the witness the respondents were indulging in Tantrism.
The Reserve Bank of India had imposed a penalty of 5. 00 lakh (Rupees five lakh only) each on the following 17 District Central Cooperative Banks in exercise of powers vested in it under the provisions of Section 47 (A) read with Section 46 of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 (As Applicable to Cooperative Societies) for violating guidelines issued by Reserve Bank of India on Know Your Customer (KYC) norms and Anti - Money Laundering (AML) standards.
Indian exports are destined to more than 200 countries around the globe including highly regulated markets of US, Europe, Japan and Australia.
Even as there is no constraint on the State Government in respect of the number of appointment to be made, there is no constraint on the State Government in respect of the number of appointments to be made, there is no constraint on the Government fixing a higher score of marks for the purpose of selection.
The learned Single Judge has observed that if an execution is premature when it is filed, it is liable to be rejected.
It will depend upon the Bench adjudicating the lis how it understands and appreciates the order passed by the learned Single Judge.
If the conditions as specified under Chapter Note 3 of Chapter 33 for classification of impugned goods as 'Hair Oil' under Heading ...
Raj Kumar ...
A2-Bablu gave a blow with rod and the motorcycle fell down.
The sole object of is the enforcement of Fundamental Rights guaranteed by the Constitution.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee inaugurated the 14 mega watt Solar Power project and laid Foundation Stones for Pilgrim Queue Complex and Deoghar – Basukinath 44 kilo metre Solar Street Light Project at Deoghar, Jharkhand today ( April 30, 2013).
Nagas are inherently skilled people and their handicrafts and handloom products are well known for the beauty and intricacies of work. These products have widespread appeal and demand in the domestic as well as offshore markets.
All ER Rep 666 at 677 - “desirable in the interests of uniformity that their interpretation should not be rigidly controlled by domestic precedents of antecedent date, but rather that the language of the rules should be construed on broad principles of general acceptation.
There may be instances where life sentence may not serve the desired purpose.
The large number of vacancies is ominous, especially in the context of our drive to rejuvenate this sector.
We are surprised to note that the High Court found fault with the accused for leaving the deceased “at the mercy of his parents .
As by the order passed today in the Civil Appeal arising out of Special Leave Petition (Civil) No.11621 of 2009 we have restored the suo motu revisional order dated 20th March, 2006 passed by the learned C.I.T., we allow this appeal filed by the Revenue and set aside the order dated 11th January, 2010 passed by the learned Tribunal and the order dated 29th February, 2012 passed by the High Court referred to above.
We have also taken care to see that the proposed changes are prospective in the sense that the proposed sec 11, which applies to suits filed in India in respect of causes of action arising in the State of Jammu & Kashmir or in any foreign country, will not apply to causes of action which would have arisen before the date of commencement of the proposed amending Act.
This court exercising its Parens Patriae jurisdiction is anxious and concerned about the safety of the detenue and her well being, viewed especially in the light of the allegations made in the Writ Petition and the continued obstinance of the detenue to return to her parents.
Chela Swamy Brahmchari Ji Awdhut, Resident of Tatambri Ashram, Sapt Sarovar Road, Bhoopat Wala, Haridwar, Uttarakhand.
In Goutam Kundu, it has been laid down that courts in India cannot order blood test as a matter of course and such prayers cannot be granted to have roving inquiry; there must be strong prima facie case and the court must carefully examine as to what would be the consequence of ordering the blood test.
Every person who holds or acquires a beneficial interest in share of a company shall make a declaration to the company specifying the nature of his interest, particulars of the person in whose name the shares stand registered in the books of the company and such other particulars as may be prescribed.
She also argued that a literal reading of Rule 20 is called for which makes it clear that the final anti-dumping duty is to be levied from the date of imposition of provisional duty which would necessarily include the “gap  period.
On the second and third day of the Conference, there will be panel discussions and group work on agenda items of the Conference as well as a presentation on converting Rashtrapati Bhavan into a smart township and extending the experience to select villages through Smart Model Gram project.
She came to know that defendant was misusing the license and raised some illegal construction in the shape of platform, so as to use the same for the purpose of car parking.
She came to know that defendant was misusing the license and raised some illegal construction in the shape of platform, so as to use the same for the purpose of car parking.
It claims to be a representative body of International spirits and wines companies doing business in India.
For this, it would be necessary to scan through the language of Explanation 1 to 10 of the Act.
The numbers are likely to increase exponentially with enhanced levels of education and cheaper rate of internet and mobile telephony.
It is open to the parishioners to believe in the spiritual supremacy of the Patriarch or apostolic succession but it cannot be used to appoint Vicars, priests, Deacons, Prelates, etc. in contravention of the 1934 Constitution.
Vaginal examination showed bleeding and about 7 to 8 cm long posterior vaginal wall tear.
The jurisdiction of the High Court would be much more restricted while dealing with the question whether a particular caste or tribe would come within the purview of the notified Presidential Order, considering the language of Articles 341 and 342 of the Constitution.
Obviously, therefore, when such a complaint was received, it became a disciplinary case according to law applicable to army personnel.
In Unnikrishnan v State of Andhra Pradesh197, Justice Jeevan Reddy, speaking for this Court, held that though the right to education (as the Constitution then stood) was not “stated expressly as a fundamental right  in Part III, that would not militate against its being protected under the rubric of life under These decisions have been ultimately guided by the object of a Constitutional Court which must be to expand the boundaries of fundamental human freedoms rather than to attenuate their content through a constricted judicial interpretation In Maneka, it has been stated that: 117 Undoubtedly, there have been aberrations.
However, on evidence, it was found that the deceased had a grudge against his superior and even though the deceased felt that he was wronged at some point in time, there was nothing available on record to prove that the accused had done anything to instigate the deceased to commit suicide.
However, on evidence, it was found that the deceased had a grudge against his superior and even though the deceased felt that he was wronged at some point in time, there was nothing available on record to prove that the accused had done anything to instigate the deceased to commit suicide.
Provided also that nothing contained in this clause shall apply to any income arising from the transfer of a long-term capital asset, being an equity share in a company, if the transaction of acquisition, other than the acquisition notified by the Central Government in this behalf, of such equity share is entered into on or after the 1st day of October, 2004 and such transaction is not chargeable to securities transaction tax under Chapter VII of the Finance (No. 2) Act, 2004 (23 of 2004).
The Assessing Officer apportioned the consideration among the various assets comprised within the business with further splitting between short term and long term capital gains.
It ought to be realised that inherent powers do not confer an arbitrary jurisdiction on the High Court to act according to whim or caprice.
It is relevant to note that in Atul Singh's case (Supra), the submission of respondent was noticed that the copy of the Partnership Deed was on the record of the case, but the Court has not proceeded to examine as to when such copies are already on record what is the effect.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has sent his greetings to fellow countrymen on the occasion of Guru Nanak Jayanti which is being celebrated tomorrow.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has sent his greetings to fellow countrymen on the occasion of Guru Nanak Jayanti which is being celebrated tomorrow.
For the reasons aforesaid, the order of punishment contained in Memorandum dated 22nd February, 2010 cannot be upheld.
Police party decided to carry on Panchanama in sun light after putting two constables to guard the place.
Victims were marginalized and the state stood forth as the victim to prosecute and punish the accused.
Victims were marginalized and the state stood forth as the victim to prosecute and punish the accused.
In his banquet speech the President said the presence of the Emperor and Empress of Japan in India was a historic milestone in bilateral relations, heralding a further deepening of the time-tested friendship, solidarity and co-operation that have always characterized relations between India and Japan.
Thus, rival versions in respect of the same incident do take different shapes and in that event, lodgment of two FIRs is permissible.
Securities Contracts (Regulation) Amendment Act, 2007 has been enacted in order to further amend the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956, with a view to include securitisation instruments under the definition of 'securities' and provide for disclosure based regulation for issue of the securitised instruments and the procedure thereof.
The offer of the auction purchaser was accepted and duly confirmed by the High Court.
The offer of the auction purchaser was accepted and duly confirmed by the High Court.
The grant component may be towards infrastructure support for managing the project, capacity building, training, experts / consultancy required for the projects, etc.
On 28 March 2016, the respondent filed an application5 under before the High Court of Calcutta for challenging the arbitral award dated 27 October 2014, along with an application6 for condonation of a delay of 514 days.
The Counsel for the Respondents defended the common impugned Judgment dated 10.11.2014, and stated that the Appellants have correctly been accorded seniority only from the date of their regularisation w.e.f.
Up to 2 times Average annual income based on 2 years ITRs or Gross Taxable income as per latest ITR (whichever is lower), subject to Deduction Norms’ (Total income would mean Cash Accruals).
The appellants functioned purely on adhoc basis and were not appointed under the Tamil Nadu State Judicial Service (Cadre and Recruitment) Rules, 1995 nor were absorbed in any regular vacancy hence they are not eligible for any retiral benefits, which are available to those who were appointed by due recruitment process under the above 1995 Rules.
Such Commercial Court shall comprise of such number of judges as may be appointed in accordance with Section 5 of this Act.
The precise origin of the game of cricket, though largely unknown, has been traced, at least, to late 15th Century England.
We are of the opinion that the word ‘regulation’ has no fixed connotation.
It is another sad reality that every minute a child goes blind in the world.
The Constitution Bench, after referring to the factual matrix and various submissions, opined that there is a constitutional guarantee of speedy trial emanating from which is also reflected in of Criminal Procedure.
The courts have taken this view primarily for the reason that it would be opposed to the scheme of the Code and more particularly Section 167(2) of the Code.
Otherwise, a profligate statutory body or pachydermic governmental agency may legally defy duties under the law by urging in self- defence a self-created bankruptcy or perverted expenditure budget.
The fee which a particular educational institution seeks to charge from its students has to be suggested by the said educational institution itself.
In consequence thereof, application filed by the appellant (Lahari Sakhamuri) stood rejected.
However, it has been pointed out that these materials are normally procured from the market and are not covered under the duty paying documents.
So the Government is bound to surrender possession to the plaintiffs in this Suit.
As noted above, the evidence of the doctor (PW 5) clearly shows that the hurt or the injury that was caused was covered under the expression “grievous hurt  as defined under IPC.
Likewise it seems to me in this case that an extension of the concept of ‘premises in such a state as to be prejudicial to health’ to the absence of facilities, as such, is an illegitimate extension of the statutory meaning.
The Employment Services Department of Kerala offers a host of online employment services for its users.
Except for leaning on a past practice the High Court has not assigned any reasons for its choice of the date.
The High Court, however, was not inclined to hold that proviso (ii) lays down any principle for determination of compensation payable for the property acquired.
Constitutional provisions are required to be understood and interpreted with an object-oriented approach.
These medical facilities are provided through dispensaries and polyclinics.
The Delhi High Court, by its order dated 31.05.2013, restrained the respondent from implementing the said Circular retrospectively.
Next case referred on behalf of the appellants is [2], and it is submitted that the evidence of the sole injured eye witness should not be accepted without corroboration and caution.
In recent years, we have seen an upswing in the number of Mauritian students availing of these scholarships.
She refused to give them any bidi.
Notwithstanding the aforesaid observations, the High Court has proceeded to grant the relief to the medical colleges.
It is no doubt true that in view of clause (3) of the Act applies to all private colleges.
Therefore, they are required to be regularized by the principal employer as permanent workmen and they are also entitled to the consequential benefits since they have rendered their services for more than 3 to 20 years continuously saving the artificial breaks imposed on them by the employer from time to time to deprive them from regularization as permanent employees of the establishment as has been held by the CGIT in its award by accepting the claim of the workmen.
A careful dissection of reveals that places of public worship in the State of Kerala, irrespective of any contrary law, custom, usage or instrument having effect by virtue of any such law or any decree or order of Court, shall be open to all sections and classes of Hindus.
Population expansion,rapid urbanization and developmental needs have exerted tremendous pressure on India’s water availability.
As a result of the same, Jhabbu Verman fell towards his right and the wheel of the vehicle ran over his hands which lead to severe damage to his left hand.
He contended that there was neither any arbitration agreement between the parties for appointment of any arbitrator and nor he ever signed the Will or any declaration, if made, by his late father and nor gave his consent for appointment of any named arbitrator.
To the non-gazetted employees on obtaining passing marks in the Pragya examination.
The Bonded Labour System (Abolition) Act, 1976 was enacted to provide for the abolition of bonded labour system with a view to preventing the economic and physical exploitation of the weaker sections of the people and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto.
The project is designed to build a regional network with fibre optic and data exchange capacity, village network to serve 110 rural communities and research and training network for technical and business skills in ICT.
As the cause of justice has to reign supreme, a court of law cannot reduce itself to be a resigned and a helpless spectator and with the foreseen consequences apparently unjust, in the face of a faulty investigation, meekly complete the formalities to record a foregone conclusion.
As the cause of justice has to reign supreme, a court of law cannot reduce itself to be a resigned and a helpless spectator and with the foreseen consequences apparently unjust, in the face of a faulty investigation, meekly complete the formalities to record a foregone conclusion.
Prof. Shah seems to think that the President may fail to summon the Parliament either in ordinary times in accordance with the article or that he may not even summon the legislature when there is an emergency.
Aggrieved by the Order dated 13.11.2018 passed by the Delhi High Court, the Appellant filed the present Appeal.
Firstly, the presumption of innocence available to him under the fundamental principle of criminal jurisprudence that every person shall be presumed to be innocent unless he is proved guilty by a competent court of law.
Firstly, the presumption of innocence available to him under the fundamental principle of criminal jurisprudence that every person shall be presumed to be innocent unless he is proved guilty by a competent court of law.
The share of agri - imports to total merchandise imports in 2005 - 06 was 4. 59 percent.
The President said India is in the midst of a major demographic transition. Our working age population is increasing by about 12 million annually.
The High Court may be justified in issuing such a writ only if it is indisputable that the elected public representative was ineligible or disqualified to contest the election or had incurred disqualification at a later point of time.
With our long coastline, numerous small islands and significant reliance on the oceanic climate system, we , in India , face similar challenges.
Within the area of regulation a distribution was envisaged between the Centre and the States to preserve the balance within the newly created federation.
Witness Rattan Chand told me that the accused person want to effect compromise with the prosecutrix.
The State Government had issued a directive that they should undertake the limited competitive examination for their regular promotion/absorption in the higher cadre.
The people of Kerala, irrespective of caste, religion and economic status join the festivities, giving it a strong secular mooring.
The importance of the Second Judges case lies not so much in the shared responsibility but the ‘institutional participation’ of the judiciary in the appointment process integrated with the participation of the President.
He did not exercise control to prevent misappropriation of Government funds from Chaibasa treasury.
Thus, the plea is that the charter hire agreement is for use of the appellant’s vessel by Reflect Geophysical.
To trace the brief facts, on 15.04.2009 the High Court notified and called for applications for filling up 68 vacancies in the Higher Judicial Service.
The learned Judge noticed that if a person is not to be held an insolvent as in ordinary parlance it would result in non-application of disqualification even if the court is satisfied that the returned candidate is not in a position to repay debts and could be adjudged to be an insolvent.
In the present case, all the chosen laws are of India, therefore, it cannot be said the laws of England would have any application.
The easy availability of power and water provides great scope for activity in the rice processing sector.
The famous Garhwal Rifles of the Indian Army also has its command office here.
The said pronouncements were before the recent decisions in PUCL (supra), PUCL (NOTA) (supra) and Association of Democratic Reforms (supra) and other authorities pertaining to corruption were delivered.
One was that, as and when the promotion is offered to him, he will have to accept the same and the second was that he will have to pass the requisite departmental examination.
One was that, as and when the promotion is offered to him, he will have to accept the same and the second was that he will have to pass the requisite departmental examination.
This amended provision enforced w.e.f.
An illegal omission (unless a contrary intent appears in) is proscribed when the act is unlawful.
He said that we have traversed a long distance from just one out of four children in school in the early fifties to a school accessible to every child today and almost universal enrolment with gender parity.
The Executive Committee on 16.01.2018 considered the representations dated 5.1.2018 submitted by the college, forwarded to it by the Ministry.
In this behalf his submission was that the High Court had proceeded on the premise that the technical know-how fee and royalty was paid for setting up the plant for manufacture of automobiles which are contrary to the factual finding recorded by the Tribunal in this case.
On appeal, the Supreme Court agreed that the speech of the Chief Minister was ex facie calculated to interfere with the administration of justice.
The tax shall be levied on every sale of goods in the State by a registered dealer or a dealer liable to be registered, in accordance with the provisions of this Act.
The purpose of short-term permit is to ensure that the material and minerals etc. used by the contractor in the construction work are royalty paid.
The contention of the learned Government Pleader that even assuming that the resumption order is void, unless the same is challenged, it is binding.
However, while referring the matter to a Constitution Bench, this Court affirmed the judgment in Kishun Singh (Supra) and doubted the correctness of the judgment in Ranjit Singh (Supra).
Although he has denied later that the patient returned to the home instead of going to RPMC Dharamshala.
The lack of any qualifications or disqualifications also ensures that those with full time occupations superficially involve themselves, thereby compromising their commitment to the association and the game of cricket.
We have carefully considered the provisions of amended 2003 Act and, in our view, in whatever way 2003 Act is seen, there was no impediment for this Court to consider and decide the question whether raising the water level from 136 ft. to 142 ft. would jeopardize the safety of the dam.
After the Wakif- Mutawalli, the division of rights and duties among with Mutwallis shall be made by the Chief Mutawalli for efficient working of the Wakf and the Majlis-e-Ayan shall have no right to disturb this division or render it difficult for the Chief Mutawalli or any of the Mutawallis to perform his or their duties to manage the Wakf satisfactorily and with proper freedom of action.
After the Wakif- Mutawalli, the division of rights and duties among with Mutwallis shall be made by the Chief Mutawalli for efficient working of the Wakf and the Majlis-e-Ayan shall have no right to disturb this division or render it difficult for the Chief Mutawalli or any of the Mutawallis to perform his or their duties to manage the Wakf satisfactorily and with proper freedom of action.
After the Wakif- Mutawalli, the division of rights and duties among with Mutwallis shall be made by the Chief Mutawalli for efficient working of the Wakf and the Majlis-e-Ayan shall have no right to disturb this division or render it difficult for the Chief Mutawalli or any of the Mutawallis to perform his or their duties to manage the Wakf satisfactorily and with proper freedom of action.
A fortiori, the then Revenue Minister had no power to deal with the land in question in any manner whatsoever and nor had any power to invoke the provisions of Section 48 of the Act for release of the land in question from the clutches of the acquisition proceedings.
The High Court found that though the witnesses have been injured but the injuries are not serious.
The High Court found that though the witnesses have been injured but the injuries are not serious.
In other words, the position is that if we discard this part of the evidence of the eyewitnesses which has come to light for the first time in the Sessions Court, then according to medical evidence, the deceased would have got two gunshots whereas it was never the prosecution case that Ram Narain Singh or any other accused fired a second shot at the deceased at any time.
In other words, the position is that if we discard this part of the evidence of the eyewitnesses which has come to light for the first time in the Sessions Court, then according to medical evidence, the deceased would have got two gunshots whereas it was never the prosecution case that Ram Narain Singh or any other accused fired a second shot at the deceased at any time.
It processes applications for foreign collaborations, Export Oriented Units (EOUs), etc. and assists / guides prospective entrepreneur in his endeavour.
Those cases where the settlement is arrived at immediately after the alleged commission of offence and the matter is still under investigation, the High Court may be liberal in accepting the settlement to quash the criminal proceedings/investigation.
Though there is a definite role for the nephew namely, Av tar Singh, which is referred to in the deposition of both PW1 and PW3, the prosecution has given up the said witness as being won over by the accused.
Sexual orientation is claimed to be intrinsic to the guarantee against discrimination on the ground of sex.
National Innovation Council has also been taking steps to nurture innovation in schools and colleges through improvements in curriculum, spotting talented innovators among students, and awarding Innovation Fellowships.
Whereas the respondent no.1 being the insurer of the vehicle filed the objection and denying the averments of the petition and submitted that immediately after the accident, the driver of the owner has to intimate about the accident to the Insurance Company in writing as contemplated under of M.V.Act and the Police not at all intimated to the office about the accident.
The right to fair trial is not singularly absolute, as is perceived, from the perspective of the accused.
The release deed executed by Lakshmi Ammal on 24.03.1986 will confer no right to the plaintiffs.
Goods which cannot be classified in accordance with the above rules shall be classified under the heading appropriate to the goods to which they are most akin.
The Universal Declaration of Human Right 1948 and the ICCPR prohibit such acts in Art. 5 and 7 respectively.
The right of the parties was directly in issue in earlier Suit in O.S.
Moreover, it has been well established that 10 SEBI (Stock Brokers and Sub-brokers) Regulations, 1992, Schedule II.
He exercises even Quasi Judicial and supervisory powers.
Accordingly, several opportunities and incentives are offered to them, from time to time, so as to motivate investors to invest therein.
There does not appear any explanation, nor any statistics to justify the curtailing of the employees of JHALCO and such plea seems to have been taken to get out of the rigor of the court's order dated 13.1.2005'.
The hearing of the main writ petition is preponed from 13.08.2019 and the same is taken on Board.
I) and ONGC (II) has been consistently followed by this Court till date.
A simple code providing for various matters in connection with the functioning of the Gram Nyayalaya may have to be drawn-up.
After culmination of the departmental proceedings, the enquiry officer arrived at the conclusion, that the presenting officer had been successful in substantiating the charges leveled against the appellant.
After culmination of the departmental proceedings, the enquiry officer arrived at the conclusion, that the presenting officer had been successful in substantiating the charges leveled against the appellant.
It is submitted that as the Respondents are “not equal  to the State Government employees nor employees of the Appellant Corporation and, therefore, the “Principle of equal pay for equal work  shall not be applicable.
Failure to make deposit and submit an undertaking by the appellants to this Court within two weeks to vacate the suit premises within three months will entitle the respondents to execute the decree forthwith on the expiry of two weeks.
Explanation.—For the purposes of this section, “relevant information  means the information required by the resolution applicant to make the resolution plan for the corporate debtor, which shall include the financial position of the corporate debtor, all information related to disputes by or against the corporate debtor and any other matter pertaining to the corporate debtor as may be specified.
The policy Statements of the Governor, Reserve Bank of India provide a framework for the monetary, structural and prudential measures that are taken from time to time against the background of an assessment of macroeconomic and monetary developments.
All these persons had, immediately after suffering the aforesaid consequence of consuming liquor, made a specific and categorical statement that they had purchased the liquor from the vends of the respondents.
Also histopathological reports are very sketchy and incomplete.
He has to give due regard to his opponent and also to his counsel.
Therefore, the initial notification dated 6.10.2008 itself is unsustainable.
The learned counsel submitted that having regard to the language of the proviso, it is only those answers (whose content is incriminatory) which a witness is compelled to give that cannot be proved against such witness in any criminal proceeding.
The persons suffering from mental or physical disability experience and encounter nonpareil form of discrimination.
Shri Amarendra Sharan, learned senior counsel appearing on behalf of Gulam Sarbar and Shri Ashok K. Srivastava, learned senior counsel appearing on behalf of Dhiren Mahto, have submitted that there is no material on record to prove the existence of a conspiracy to kill Sant Kumar Sinha (deceased); none of these appellants was involved in the affairs of the institute for which there was some dispute between Sant Kumar Sinha (deceased) and Binod Kumar (accused).
The arbitration agreement is contained in one of the clauses of the contract, and not in a separate agreement.
Only small areas support forests of widely differing types.
The application for request should give the contact details (postal address, telephone number, fax number, email address) so that the applicants can be contacted for clarifications or the information.
It was further stated: 'Special reasons', we may, therefore say, are reasons which are special with reference to the offender, with reference to constitutional and legislative directives and with reference to the times, that is, with reference to contemporary ideas in the fields of Criminology and connected sciences.
The Ministry of Finance (External website that opens in a new window) is responsible for administration of finances of the Government.
If it was contrary to the Rules, it was also contrary to Section 35 also which makes it subject to the conditions and limitations 16 3.10 as may be prescribed and the provisions of law for the time being in force.
The application of the Voluntary Retirement Scheme meant that the Bank employees agreed with the Bank that it would be bound by the scheme thereby entering into a contract.
The application of the Voluntary Retirement Scheme meant that the Bank employees agreed with the Bank that it would be bound by the scheme thereby entering into a contract.
Later she acquired British citizenship and a British passport sometime in February 2004.
But it does provide for an appeal.
First and foremost requirement of a good solar heater is that it should have sufficient collector area for the capacity claimed.
Two sub-clauses (a) and (b) are enabling powers given to the State by which taxes can be imposed on imported goods and restrictions can be imposed on the freedom of trade, commerce or intercourse.
He has been cross-examined but he has stood firm in the cross- examination.
Shipping Bill for export of duty free goods. This shipping bill is white coloured.
In our view, the fundamental basis of the three judge Bench decision is in accord with the principles which have been laid down by the Constitution Bench.
Interference in matters of ‘personal law’ is clearly beyond judicial examination.
It is well settled that in the absence of pleading, evidence, if any, produced by the parties cannot be considered.
This gives an opportunity to MSEs to focus better on manufacturing quality products.
He has further been convicted for the offence under Section 5 TADA and sentenced to 10 years rigorous imprisonment with a fine of Rs.2,00,000/- and in default of payment of fine to suffer further rigorous imprisonment for 3-1/2 years.
Crime as well as the mode of punishment correlate to the culture and form of civilization from which they emerge.
Dossa that he can continue with his smuggling activities but for that he has to give some cases of seized goods of smuggling.
Rule 273 of the Companies (Court) Rules provides that all sales shall be made by public auction or by inviting sealed tenders or in such manner as the Judge may direct.
The devastation in terms of casualties and injuries, as brought about by the appellant, was bound to result in his conviction for the offences under IPC (four counts) and 337 (three counts).
To address faculty shortage, vacant faculty positions must be filled up on priority and external talent injected by hiring experts from industry, laboratories and foreign universities on short-term basis.
The provisions of ESI Act are applicable on the payment that is made to him for those particular and additional works.
Thus, the above conditions are fulfilled and the ornaments were recovered in the presence of mediators.
An Indo Swedish Knowledge facility is likely to be set up within the window of Technical Cooperation; for which Ministry of Environment and Forest will be the nodal authority.
It is only after all that exercise is done the money will be paid to or demanded from the owners of the original plots depending on the circumstances governing each case.
The case of the claimants under this Scheme is required to be determined on the basis of the probabilities and not on the touchstone of the test of ‘beyond reasonable doubt’.
A comparative study of both the Sections in the Act and the significantly indicate that the period of limitation has to be reckoned from the date on which the cheque or instrument was drawn.
It is not the case of the State that the existing unit either by its machinery or by its process is capable of making HRM and not CRM or is capable of manufacturing both.
This only causes grave harassment to the accused.
In the instant case the complaint alleging offences punishable under read with Section 7 of the PFA Act and the Rules is filed by complainant Shri Jaiswal, Local Health Authority through Delhi Administration.
Here below are a few topics that you may find useful.
CHIEF JUSTICE OF THE HIGH COURT: A complaint against the Chief Justice of a High Court is normally received either by the CJI or by the President of India who forwards it to the CJI.
Thereafter, taking into account increasing income in future etc. Rs.4500/- has been added and monthly income is assessed to be Rs.11500/- this assessment according to evidence on record and established law, does not appear to be proper.
The effect of the said order has to be that the original allottee remains an allottee and his licence continues.
The effect of the said order has to be that the original allottee remains an allottee and his licence continues.
Capacity building support will not be given in isolation in general.
The father of the appellant (A-41), had collected a bag of contraband kept with Iqbal Tunda through Haji Ismail, and handed over the same to the police.
The father of the appellant (A-41), had collected a bag of contraband kept with Iqbal Tunda through Haji Ismail, and handed over the same to the police.
A scan through the said notification leads us to the definition given to a “new industrial unit .
In addition, rural applications are to be pursued through public - private partnership.
A perusal thereof reveals, that the Division Bench of the High Court, while passing the common order dated 17.10.2011, dealt with only one issue, namely, whether the delay in filing the interlocutory applications under Order IX Rules 9 and 13 of the Code of Civil Procedure should be condoned.
Appeals & Revisions.
Post mortem of the deceased persons were conducted which led to a common finding, namely, methyl was found in the viscera of the dead bodies and the cause of death was consumption of alcohol containing methyl.
Thereafter, parts of the grenades and the detonators were handed over to PI Shivaji Shankar Sawant (PW-524).
He also stated that there was no committee on the date of deposition (i.e. 30.04.1977).
Such partition has an impact on devolution of shares of such members.
The resolution of constitutional litigation ultimately rests upon the plain language of the text.
Ordinarily, we need not go beyond the clear language of the provision to interpret the Statute.
Some people may be missing fingerprints due to skin or other disease, which may cause further problems when enrolling a large population in a fingerprint-based register.
The extent of representation in Cadre B is on an average of 9.79 per cent and 2.34 per cent for ST for all the years of the study period.
It has been further held by this Court that it would be plainly impossible that any action or suit could be brought to a successful termination if alienations pendente lite were permitted to prevail.
It has been further held by this Court that it would be plainly impossible that any action or suit could be brought to a successful termination if alienations pendente lite were permitted to prevail.
Judges from the same High Court, in the above situation where the batch comprised of ten Judges, will occupy a third of the total Judge positions in the Supreme Court.
Since inception, the Forum has come a long way and now has over a hundred members from different parts of the country who are closely related to the spice trade.
Ladies and Gentlemen, our 'guru shishya parampara  is another exceptional aspect of our traditional art and crafts.
He drew up also the seizure memo of the car, the keys, the registration certificate, the passbook and the charas vide Ext.
In paragraph 3(F) it was pointed out that the petitioner’s name was registered as a listed Gunda in the year 2004, and the letter dated 12.1.2004 issued by S.P. Dhar to the Police Station Pithampur in that behalf was enclosed.
This year the recipient of the Award for Outstanding Contribution in the field of Constructive Work is Shri G.V. Subba Rao, the Award for Application of Science and Technology for Rural Development was given to Smt. SnehlataNath, Award for Development and Welfare of Women and Children to Smt. Vidhya Das and the recipient of the International Award for Promoting Gandhian Values Outside India is Mr. Jean –Marie Muller.
As regards the other contention of the counsel for the appellant that the Tribunal has deducted 1 / 3rd income of the deceased towards personal expenses, I find that there is merit in the submission of counsel for the appellant.
Aggrieved thereby, Respondent No. 4 filed a Special Leave Petition before this Court.
It identifies and prepares infrastructure projects; conducts feasibility studies; recommends risk - sharing mechanisms and monitors the progress of such projects.
The objective of this scheme is to provide holistic growth of horticulture sector in India and to enhance horticulture production.
Also, Regulation 25 may also be amended to enable voting through electronic means such as e-mail, to address any technical issues which may arise due to a large number of creditors voting at the same time.
Also, Regulation 25 may also be amended to enable voting through electronic means such as e-mail, to address any technical issues which may arise due to a large number of creditors voting at the same time.
With the aforesaid observation, the appeal fails and is hereby dismissed.
Each year on the 20th of October, theWorld Association of Chefs Societiescelebrates the International Chefs Day.
India has traversed a long and arduous journey towards attaining excellence in scientific innovation.
The bail earlier granted was cancelled in view of subsequent development.
Recently the Justice J.S. Verma Committee Report on Amendments to Criminal Law (2013) proposed insertion of a Schedule 1 to the Representation of People Act, 1951 enumerating offences under IPC befitting the category of ‘heinous' offences.
That apart, although the number of affected households is not available with us, we can only assume the number to be sizeable given the fact that drought has been declared in vast areas of the country.
It is, however, clarified that appellant’s claim for compensation, refund or any other monetary claim shall be considered and/or decided on its own merits in accordance with law and the present judgment shall have no bearing in relation to such claim.
The President said so far, over a thousand Namibian citizens have been trained in India under our ITEC program.
We do not find that any prejudice is caused to the appellant by referring to the deposition of these witnesses when examined in the first instance inasmuch as their deposition on both the occasions have remained the same.
However, if Rajya Sabha passes a resolution by a majority of not less than two-thirds of members present and voting saying that it is “necessary or expedient in the national interest  that Parliament should make a law on a matter enumerated in the State List, Parliament becomes empowered to make a law on the subject specified in the resolution, for the whole or any part of the territory of India.
In other words, even the Supreme Court of Pakistan held the view that the Indian Independence (International Arrangements) Order, 1947 did not provide for the devolution of treaty rights and obligations to the Government of Pakistan.
There both of them identified one Maruti car DL-3C-V-2927 in Street No.13, Seelampur, Delhi.
There both of them identified one Maruti car DL-3C-V-2927 in Street No.13, Seelampur, Delhi.
The Writ Petition criticised the role of the Collector and the Revenue Minister of the State Government, and sought an inquiry against them in the present case, and also a direction to the state authorities to resume the concerned land.
It may be noted that after the notice and reply, on 20.04.2017, a petition was filed by KCPL under the Arbitration and , 1996 (hereinafter referred to as “the Act ) challenging the aforesaid Award.
On reaching Nagothane Petrol Pump, Shafi took the co-accused to the South Indian Hotel at the Petrol Pump where the witness saw the appellant (A-11) sitting with Tiger along with Anwar Theba (AA), Munna, Karimullah, Ethesham, Akbar.
The valuers visited the building in April 1993 and gave a report estimating the damage to be to the tune of Rs. 1 crore 51 lakhs.
He was warm, friendly, approachable and a source of inspiration to the younger generation of journalists.
The amount of Annual Fixed Charges for the purposes of this Agreement shall the aggregate of (a) to (g), but excluding the amounts of supplementary Invoices under (a), (e) and (g) above.
Since the NREG Act is a social welfare and social justice legislation the Government of India must ensure that its provisions are faithfully implemented by all concerned.
Only Mizoram remains and I look forward to an early occasion to visit the state soon.
If the Judiciary fails, (arising out of Diary No. 12405 of 2018) the Constitution fails and the people might opt for some other alternative.
Three other Directors of Saharas were also ordered to remain present before this Court.
The complainant wanted the High Court to set aside the order after holding that the evidence brought on record is sufficient for coming to the conclusion that the appellants were also involved in the commission of the offence.
While there is a minor deviation from the dicta laid down by the Hon'ble Supreme Court considering the larger object and purpose of the , 1985 this Court is of the view that no interference is called for in the instant revisional application into the proceedings initiated against the revisionist.
With a view to find out reasonable solution in a problematic case of this nature, what is needed is an integrated approach meaning thereby integration of the relevant tests wherefor it may be necessary to examine as to whether the workman concerned was fully integrated into the employer's concern meaning thereby independent of the concern although attached therewith to some extent.
The subsequent conduct is not the sole test.
The petitioner secured 97.16 percent marks in her 12th standard Board examinations.
This Court further did not take into consideration the statement of objects and reasons of the Act and the Parliamentary debates before the Act was enacted while arriving at the said conclusion regarding the applicability of the Act.
These issues may be referred to as' work place related issues'.
To reduce a sentence by amendment alters the terms of the judgment itself and is a judicial act as much as the imposition of the sentence in the first instance.
The Appellant submits that the 1950 Act is not applicable to the land in dispute and that the vesting under the 1971 Act is only in respect of the leasehold rights.
Once Parliament is recognised as having the power to exempt from disqualification and to do so with retrospective effect, any alleged violation of any norm or traditional procedure cannot denude the power of Parliament to make a law.
Five Judge Bench of this Court directed setting up of the Secretariat and also to incorporate other factors for improved and effective working of the collegiums system.
He identified the prescriptions (Exts, 16, 17, 18 and19) issued by him.
The offence was viewed as brutal, diabolical, grotesque and cruel, shocking the collective conscience of society.
Landlord includes any person who, for the time being is entitled to receive rent but for a special contract would be entitled to receive, the rent of any premises whether or not on his own account.
This annual award compares well with similar international awards, such as, Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award of USA and European Quality Award.
The powers of the first Appellate Court while deciding the first appeal are indeed well defined by various judicial pronouncements of this Court and are, therefore, no more res integra.
Aadhaar Act, 2016 gives legislative backing to the Aadhaar Scheme.
Registration.
Secondly, the deletion of a part of sub-rule 3 above clearly signifies the legislative intent of doing away with the ratio of the Calcutta division bench that the right to pray for exemption in terms of Order 22 Rule 4(4) as it was adopted by the Calcutta High Court should be asserted before allotment occurred.
Subsequently, he came in association of the smugglers and started helping them in landing and transportation.
He immediately went to the guest house where he found that his nephew was dead.
Such circumstance raises serious doubt on the transaction as claimed by the complainant.
In Chandler v. Judicial Council, (1970) 398 US 74, Harlan J laid the legal foundation for upholding the validity of minor measures (in that case, it was withdrawal of judicial work under the provisions of the U.S. Act of 1939).
The judiciary has a special role to play in the task of achieving socio-economic goals enshrined in the Constitution while maintaining their aloofness and independence; the Judges have to be aware of the social changes in the task of achieving socio-economic justice for the people.
Similarly, subject to enactments, laws made with respect to the determination of standards in institutions for higher education under power given to the Union in entry 66 of List I of the Seventh Schedule, the State can also make laws relating to education, including technical education and medical education.
Therefore, in our view, the High Court has been justified in rejecting the case of 95% permanent partial disablement and the suggestions about the injuries other than that on the left thigh bone of the appellant.
Therefore, in our view, the High Court has been justified in rejecting the case of 95% permanent partial disablement and the suggestions about the injuries other than that on the left thigh bone of the appellant.
The Maruti van went away speedily.
The 164 Constituent Assembly Debates (4 November, 1948).
Ultimately, it has been pointed out in the affidavit on behalf of the Government of India, Ministry of Women and Child Welfare that the policy of the Government of India vis-a-vis the Supplementary Nutrition under the ICDS Scheme based on the Nutritional Norms on 24.02.09 read with the Act of 2013 and Supplementary Nutrition (Under the Integrated Child Development Services Scheme) Rules, 2015, which have been amended in 2017 and the guidelines issued by the Union of India.
Nothing contained in the proviso to this section shall be construed as enabling a person who has separated himself from the coparcenary before the death of the deceased or any of his heirs to claim on intestacy a share in the interest referred to therein.
PART F The Court cited with approval the judgment of the High Court of Australia in Adelaide Company of Jehovah’s Witnesses Incorporated v The Commonwealth of Australia24, which held that the Constitution protected not only “liberty of opinion  but also “acts done in pursuance of religious belief as part of religion.
The first respondent is a partnership firm engaged in the manufacture of automobile spare parts of which the second and third respondents are partners.
There is a great hunger for knowledge in our country.
In the State of Haryana, , known as Haryana Rent Urban (Control of Rent and , 1973 (for short, ', 1973') is promulgated.
Participants in a bid rigging cartel may take turns to be the ‘winner’ by agreeing about the way they submit tenders, including some competitors agreeing not to tender.
It would be pertinent to mention that the matter before this Court arose out of the Contempt Proceedings and no challenge had been made to the earlier judgment of the Delhi High Court directing the Customs Authorities to pay the demurrage and container detention charges.
The appellants had not been appointed by any of the two modes.
The Corporation is saddled with a statutory obligation not to depart from such general instructions.
We are afraid, we are unable to accept this line of argument.
Payment of Rs.1 lakh was made on 09.06.1992, which was well within defined limits.
In the above view of the matter it is natural to conclude, that the participation of the appellant in the meeting of the Board of Directors of the MPSIDC on 19.4.1995 was not on account of his holding the office of Industries Commissioner, Government of Madhya Pradesh, or on account of his being a member of the IAS cadre.
The inclusion of such elaborate provisions appears to have been occasioned by the belief that, armed by such provisions, the superior courts would be insulated from any executive or legislative attempts to interfere with the making of their decisions.
The inclusion of such elaborate provisions appears to have been occasioned by the belief that, armed by such provisions, the superior courts would be insulated from any executive or legislative attempts to interfere with the making of their decisions.
In other words, on the basis of independent title in the suit property the petitioner sought to be added as a necessary party in the suit.
The minority judges, however, disagreed with this view taken by the majority and explained their position in the following words: 'No doubt the expression 'personal liberty' is a comprehensive one and the right to move freely is an attribute of personal liberty.
The rejection of application in a mechanical manner was held to be bad in law.
Offence under Section 29 of the Act is primarily a civil wrong.
Had she not been wearing a nylon sari, it is difficult to imagine how she could have been burnt to the extent of 70%.
The default, if any, was a technical default that did not call for any penal action.
From this it is clear that when speaks of the repeal of any enactment, it refers not merely to the enactment as a whole but also to any provision contained in any Act.
The learned Attorney General then relied strongly on Gautam Kundu (supra) and Rohit Tandon (supra).
On 08.02.1993, A-39 along with Niyaz proceeded to Dubai.
Never starve the child.
Consequently, he did not possess any transferable right in the land.
He also asserted that Dilip Kumar Roy (PW 5) had informed him that the appellant purchased jute from Shyamal Das and paid the same with five fake 500 rupee notes.
Unlike normal KCC which serves only as an identity card and facilitate recording of transactions on an ongoing basis, RuPay KCC is actually a smart card that can be used at the nearest ATM / PoS for withdrawing cash.
In paragraphs 9 and 10 of this Court’s judgment, this Court noted that both Acts were special Acts.
The Central government has the power to direct the linking of Aadhaar card, with SIM card, as it is proportional to the object sought to be achieved in the interest of national security; PART C xxvii.
To recapitulate, it was specifically submitted that there were security technologies in place (slide 28 of Dr. Pandey’s presentation), 24/7 security monitoring, data leak prevention, vulnerability management programme and independent audits (slide 29) as well as the Authority’s defence mechanism (slide 30).
And has excellent potential for industrial growth.
In our opinion the caution is equally, if not more, applicable in the case of the Director General of Police or the State Police Chief.
The President of India, as advised by the Prime Minister, has accepted the resignation of Shri Sarbananda Sonowal, Minister of State (Independent Charge) of Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, from the Council of Ministers, with immediate effect.
However, DRT has not been given any powers to adjudicate the dues of the workmen of the debtor company and none can be read into or of the 1993 Act.
Regulations or guidelines, whether statutory or otherwise, if they purport to dilute or defeat the welfare legislation and the constitutional principles, Court should not hesitate to strike them down so as to achieve the ultimate object and purpose of the welfare legislation.
Regulations or guidelines, whether statutory or otherwise, if they purport to dilute or defeat the welfare legislation and the constitutional principles, Court should not hesitate to strike them down so as to achieve the ultimate object and purpose of the welfare legislation.
Even though, strictly speaking, res judicata may not be applicable to the proceedings before the Central Government, the High Court in exercise of its power under was certainly entitled to take into consideration the previous history of the litigation inter partes to decline the relief to the appellant.
The power is vested in this Court but the right to invoke the Court’s jurisdiction is vested in no one.
It is issued to exporters whose anticipated export turnover for the next 12 months is more than Rs. 50 lacs.
If the purpose is corrupt the resultant act is bad.
These provisions of the Constitution therefore do not lend any support to Mr. Pathak's contention.
Upon search two packets had been recovered from the right and left pockets of the pant of the appellant.
For the petitioner : Mr. Nitin Misra, Advocate, for the petitioner.
Having considered the rival submissions, the first question that needs to be answered is: whether the High Court exceeded its jurisdiction in setting aside the Government Order dated 28.02.2014 providing for reservation to in-service candidates, when the writ petition filed by the in-service candidates was limited to equate them with the in-service candidates who had the experience of working in remote or difficult areas.
The Court is not aware of any Minutes being drawn up unilaterally without any endorsement or acknowledgment thereto of the parties to such consultation or deliberations.
It is a shocking and surprising state of affairs that such large- scale cheating has taken place and middle and poor class home buyers have been duped and deprived of their hard-earned money and lifetime savings and some of them had taken a loan from the bank and they are not getting houses.
The Haryana Electricity Reform Act, 1997 (Haryana Act No. 10 of 1998).
The learned senior counsel further contended that it was all the more reason to hold that cognizance should be with reference to the offender and not the offence which has to be mandatorily satisfied.
These material considerations are also spelled out in the aforesaid judgments, viz. whether the accused would be readily available for his trial and whether he is likely to abuse the discretion granted in his favour by tampering with the evidence.
Further, even for introducing courses in management which come under the definition of technical education under the AICTE Act, appropriate permissions were sought from AICTE.
I am indeed happy to be amidst this august gathering of distinguished dental professionals from over 138 countries, dental industry leaders, academicians and research scholars.
The object of such a provision is to ensure that instruments emanating from any source of law, permanent or temporary, legislative or judicial or any other source, pay homage to the constitutional provisions relating to fundamental rights.
The object of such a provision is to ensure that instruments emanating from any source of law, permanent or temporary, legislative or judicial or any other source, pay homage to the constitutional provisions relating to fundamental rights.
Honourable Members may recall that soaring prices of pulses was a matter of grave concern around this time last year.
Formation of new States and alteration of areas, boundaries or names of the existing States under the parliamentary legislation did not alter the rights and liabilities and continued to remain in force and binding upon the successor State so long as they are not modified, changed or repudiated.
The inter play between two enactments, can be understood as follows – while the prosecution under the in regard to the Antiquity or art treasure may be permissible, when a question arises as to whether an article is an antiquity or not or an art treasure or not, the provisions contained under Section 24 of the Antiquities Act would be applicable and the question must be decided by the Director General of Archaeological Survey of India or his authorized nominee and finality would be attached therewith.
Having heard the learned Counsel appearing for the parties and keeping in view the notifications of the Central Government dated 10.05.2012 and that of the State Government dated 22.06.2012, we may notice that in the report of Comptroller and Auditor General of India for the period ending 31st March, 2013 under 7.5.18 of Chapter 7 of which the invoice value of the coal has been taken Rs. 4850/- per metric tonne.
It was submitted that the direction passed by the High Court would result in complete budgetary mismatch and tremendous burden on the State.
Breast - feed the infant frequently or on demand to establish and maintain good milk supply.
It is the thinking of Disability Rights Movement, USA that it is not so much the disabled individual who needs to change, but the society.
India believes that a fruitful engagement between our two nations will be beneficial for the stability and prosperity of the entire region.
We were informed that a revision petition was also dismissed.
You are aware that as per section 5 (5) of MS / HSD Control Order 1998 the petroleum products are required to be sent for testing within 10 days of withdrawal of sample.
The (1972)1 SCC 480 Page 9 sale-deeds of the lands situated in the vicinity and the comparable benefits and advantages which they have, furnish a rough and ready method of computing the market value.
IV. to consider national basic long term policy documents and report thereon.
The complainant was asked by the appellant herein to come along with the money on the next day.
Referring to the two articles in Cancer Research and Nature Medicine, Mr. Andhyarujina submitted that though in the first article there was a reference to Imatinib Mesylate, there was no teaching as to how it is to be prepared.
Referring to the two articles in Cancer Research and Nature Medicine, Mr. Andhyarujina submitted that though in the first article there was a reference to Imatinib Mesylate, there was no teaching as to how it is to be prepared.
Provided that higher rate of interest specified in the Scheme shall not exceed the lending rate of interest charged by any scheduled bank.
Consequently, the writ petition is allowed to the extent indicated hereinbefore. .
The objective in prescribing minimum standards is to provide a benchmark of the caliber and quality of education being imparted by various educational institutions in the entire country.
S.O. 827(E), dated 14 th September, 2000 published in the Gazette of India, Extraordinary Part II sec.3(ii) with 1st November, 2000 as the appointed date.
Criminal intimidation.—Whoever threatens another with any injury to his person, reputation or property, or to the person or reputation of any one in whom that person is interested, with intent to cause alarm to that person, or to cause that person to do any act which he is not legally bound to do, or to omit to do any act which that person is legally entitled to do, as the means of avoiding the execution of such threat, commits criminal intimidation.
It is submitted that on the GMDC's failure to adhere to its commitment to supply indigenous coal, it was the responsibility of the appellant to make arrangement for an alternative source and to enter into FSA with any other coal supplier.
No doubt the lease deed contained a stipulation as to mortgage with prior permission but no clear-cut permission had been obtained from Noida authority.
In our opinion, whether voluntary retirement is automatic or an order is required to be passed would depend upon the phraseology used in a particular rule under which retirement is to be ordered or voluntary retirement is sought.
As per clause (a) of , the term 'Hindu' includes a person professing Buddhist, Sikh or Jaina religion.
Many responses were received to this Consultation Paper.
Three syringes hold the lethal drugs; the other three contain harmless saline solution.
It is only if, after the expiry of the period of the said 10 days, the operational creditor does not either receive payment from the corporate debtor or notice of dispute, that the operational creditor may trigger the insolvency process by filing an application before the adjudicating authority under and .
Thus all the four conditions narrated above must be fulfilled if the industrial undertaking desires to avail benefit u/s 80IB of the I.T. Act.
He has deposed that he has asked 2-3 questions before he gave the certificate that she is fit to give statement.
He has deposed that he has asked 2-3 questions before he gave the certificate that she is fit to give statement.
This conclusion may have been reached by this Court due to several reasons.
The above view was reiterated in Dr. N.T. Desai (supra), after considering the judgment of this Court in Balothia (supra).
RLNG was but a form of natural gas, compressed for transformation from gaseous to liquid state, reducing the volume to facilitate transportation in a safe and stable manner.
Every business entity adopts some form of business organisation to carry out business activities as success and growth of business depends a great deal on the choice of the form of business organisation.
Other prominent leaders saw communalism as a form of fascism and spoke passionately and with deep understanding on communalism.
By causing fatal injury on the head after fracture of piece of bone of head of Abdul Rashid, went inside the brain.
By causing fatal injury on the head after fracture of piece of bone of head of Abdul Rashid, went inside the brain.
When we consider the incidents of disposition of property under different laws, we have to consider the personal law and then to apply the general principles of tenancy law to the permissible non-conflict zone to personal law which holds the field for the parties to arrive at a decision.
It was submitted, that the NTT Act was enacted keeping in mind the parameters laid down by this Court, by preserving the power of judicial review vested in the High Courts under Articles 226 and 227 of the Constitution, as also, by preserving the power of judicial review vested in this Court under Articles 32 and 136 of the Constitution.
Reservation in promotion and consequential seniority is available only up to the post of Assistant Executive Engineer.
Reservation in promotion and consequential seniority is available only up to the post of Assistant Executive Engineer.
In fact it is a fee pertaining to minerals and not a fee on issue of transit pass.
Aged About 40 Years, R/o Sandnani, Post Sangariya, Tehsil Bagidora, District Banswara.
The report clarified that RDX was detected as an explosive from amongst the substances recovered by Police at blast site.
The report clarified that RDX was detected as an explosive from amongst the substances recovered by Police at blast site.
The slum dwellers residing on both municipal plots and private plots formed a society in the name of respondent No.10 and requested respondent No.8 to implement the slum scheme.
The slum dwellers residing on both municipal plots and private plots formed a society in the name of respondent No.10 and requested respondent No.8 to implement the slum scheme.
Then alone, the medical college can be allowed to function.
Thus, remitting the matter to the trial court is not warranted.
While referring Surjit Singh’s case this Court noticed that in that case there was no dispute that the assignors and the assignees had knowledge of the order of injunction passed by the Court.
An advocate who is not on the Roll of Advocate or the Bar Council of the State in which the Court is situated, shall not appear, act or plead in such Court, unless he files an appointment along with an advocate who is on the Roll of such State Bar Council and who is ordinarily practicing in such Court.
It is the submission of the respondents that in the aforesaid undertaking no specific details and particulars of any immovable assets were given or provided.
It is not in dispute that the appropriate authority laid a factual foundation in the show cause notice to prove the value of suit land, which, according to the authority, was 15% higher than the apparent consideration.
The validity and accuracy of the URL must be checked on a regular basis to make sure that the information is relevant and the linked address is correct.
Being of this view, the learned trial Judge acquitted both the accused persons.
In the letter of acceptance dated 21.07.2005, the Superintendant Engineer intimated the appellant the acceptance of the offer given by the appellant at paragraph 9 therein, it was specifically mentioned that all terms and conditions of notice inviting tenders and tender documents shall be binding on the said contract and the contractor.
The written statement inter alia contains the following averments : Allowing the amendment would not amount to the withdrawal of an admission contained in the written statement (as submitted by the respondent) since the amendment sought to elaborate upon an existing defence.
The court of appeal or revision has to examine specifically whether such erroneous steps had in fact occasioned a failure of justice.
It was mentioned therein that in spite of several opportunities given to the first Petitioner, the land use certificate was not furnished and that certificate relating to the completion of the buildings was also not given.
At the most, in view of Part IX having been added in the Constitution, a right to contest election for an office in Panchayat may be said to be a constitutional right - a right originating in the Constitution and given shape by a statute.
Another important goal of spreading digital literacy and education to all will have to be pursued vigorously because we cannot afford digital divide in our society if we aspire to become economically stronger and inclusive.
In the present case, as already held above, doctor-patient relationship stood established, contractually, between the patient and the appellant.
They were established in the Bank's premises for the benefit of its employees.
For these reasons, we take note of these events that are material for these appeals but avoiding unnecessary details at the same time.
The President of India, being the first citizen of the country, is entitled to respectability.
The reference to arbitration is only one of the many terms of the deed of settlement.
Besides the aforesaid clear demarcation, constituting the first two categories, situations where a State acquires or requisitions property to facilitate the coming into existence of allied objects having public welfare at heart, such like situations would fall within the third category.
Besides the aforesaid clear demarcation, constituting the first two categories, situations where a State acquires or requisitions property to facilitate the coming into existence of allied objects having public welfare at heart, such like situations would fall within the third category.
Resultantly, there has clearly been a restriction on the free and fair operation of market forces in the instant case.
India welcomes the socio - economic progress made by Mauritius in a short span of over four decades after its independence.
However an advantage of individual interviews is that you get to talk to your target buyer one - on - one and get more information about that individual and their specific thoughts and opinions.
Such as Assamese macaque, pig - tailed macaque, stump - tailed macaque and number of the distinctive Hoolock Gibbons (Hylobates Hoolock), highly endangered and only 'ape' species found in India dwells in this impenetrable virgin forest.
On 22.11.2005 after approval from the Government of Rajasthan the Lease in respect of the project land and the License for restoration and reuse of Jal Mahal were executed.
The credit facility you obtain from your bank will almost certainly need to tie in with the payment methods that you use with your suppliers or that are stipulated by your overseas buyers.
In her statement before the Trial Court, where she appeared as PW6, she had reiterated clearly the position of having been taken away by the accused-appellant Jarnail Singh, and his three accomplices.
The record shows that the petition before the Additional District Judge was being pursued by the daughter of the petitioner and not by the petitioner herself.
A Public Prosecutor may or may not agree with the reasons given by the investigating officer for seeking extension of time and may find that the investigation had not progressed in the proper manner or that there has been unnecessary, deliberate or avoidable delay in completing the investigation.
A Public Prosecutor may or may not agree with the reasons given by the investigating officer for seeking extension of time and may find that the investigation had not progressed in the proper manner or that there has been unnecessary, deliberate or avoidable delay in completing the investigation.
Therefore, we can see that a lawyer in addition to being champion at the various laws also has a social responsibility of helping the ignorant and the underprivileged to attain justice.
As ordered earlier, both the cases were heard together and are being disposed of by this common Order.
Thereafter, he proceeded towards his youngest daughter Shalu (PW-2) and showed Kulhara to her, who ran into a room and bolted it from inside.
More recently, his role at the Conference of Foreign Ministers of Non-aligned Countries in February 1981 earned him wide appreciation.
However, even section 10(2), with its elements of negligence, is overtly broad and not along the lines of section 14(2) of the UK Bribery Act.
The impugned order would, therefore, have to be set aside.
He also denied that he had gone to Dubai to execute a certain conspiracy and in fact, rather suggested that he had gone there on a business trip.
Moreover, the penalty then and now is the same — life term.
However, if the dismissal of the complaint under Section 203 of the Code was on merit the position will be different.
PRANJAL COURSE: In compliance with the recommendation made by the Parliamentary Committee on Official Language in its report [Volume - VII, number 16. 7 (a)] “Pranjal  course is to be introduced by CHTI so that the Central Government employees can achieve proficiency in Hindi.
The word ‘processing’ would take its meaning in the cognate sense.
Quite apart from the above, the creativity and the author’s perception of the universe are to be borne in mind.
To indicate guidelines on off-site related factors, which may influence management of off-site emergencies.
While statements of some witnesses were not recorded, statements of some witnesses were recorded, but they were not produced.
This is how the functional test is evolved in R.C. Jain.
If all Directors are unnecessarily prosecuted, it would hinder good persons to come forward and become Directors.
The PPA was then amended on 18.06.2003 making gas the primary fuel.
May you achieve, with distinction, your motto of 'bridging knowledge across continents through excellence and intellectual creativity'.
However, we repeat at the cost of repetition that we have not expressed any opinion as to the act on the part of the author of the poem, who is co-accused in the case, and facing trial before the Magistrate in respect of the offence punishable under IPC.
As noted earlier, he had to explain the factual position with reference to the documents sought to be utilised against him.
However, if there is a special/specific reason to deviate therefrom, the Court is not remediless as Damodar S. Prabhu (supra) itself has given discretion to the concerned Court to reduce the costs with regard to specific facts and circumstances of the case, while recording reasons in writing about such variance.
Suffice it to say that the process of appreciation of material concerning the medical condition of the appellant and her alleged incapacity to make her defence was inevitable.
The case of the prosecution mainly revolves around him as he is alleged to be the kingpin of the criminal conspiracy which demands his custodial interrogation.
The Court then went on to notice that the expression “best interest of child  is wide in its connotation and cannot be limited only to love and care of the primary care giver i.e. the mother.
It is not, unoften, a matter for legitimate inference.
There can be no dispute for the legal proposition that the Scheme can be partially mandatory and partially directory.
In India it does not happen.
To tackle this problem, apart from extending the time for drafting the decree (as indicated above), it is desirable that High Courts frame a rule to the effect that the fee certificate shall be filed by both the advocates before the conclusion of arguments.
He could observe and feel that she had been administered poison by the accused forcibly.
Both clauses (1) and (4) of operate in the same field.
He believed, and I quote, 'Whether I am a Hindu, a Mohammedan, a Parsi, a Christian, or of any other creed, I am above all an Indian. Our country is India; our nationality is Indian'.
Thus, and made conspiracy a substantive offence and rendered the mere agreement to commit an offence punishable.
The decline of the Gupta power in northern India between the close of 5th and the 6th century A.D. gave rise to various small independent kingdoms and attracted foreign invasions of Huns.
Sudhir Singh complained of extortion by the Respondents for payment of Rs.50 Lakhs as protection money.
Be it noted, learned counsel for the parties have formulated certain issues as we had reserved the order on a singular aspect, that is, whether the matter should be referred to the Constitution Bench or not.
The petitioner had even given suggestion to the effect that the appointments of these presiding officers be made in manner presiding officers of the labour courts are appointed.
The ideal mussel size used for pearl culture is over 8 cm in anterior - posterior length.
The Public Trust Doctrine primarily rests on the principle that certain resources like air, sea, waters and the forests have such a great importance to the people as a whole that it would be wholly unjustified to make them a subject of private ownership.
The only obvious reason would be that they were unable to do so on account of various orders which were passed by MSEB from time to time preventing them from performing their obligation.
The name 'India' is derived from the River Indus, the valleys around which were the home of the early settlers. The Aryan worshippers referred to the river Indus as the Sindhu.
Under these circumstances as a practising advocate if he gives attention to his clients in his chamber after court hours and if he is also required to attend an emergency operation at that very time, it would be very difficult for him to choose whether to leave his clients and go to attend his patient in the operation theatre or to refuse to attend to his patients.
Ms. Ruchika disclosed the entire incident to PW-2, who further informed her husband about the said incident.
Thereafter, no complaint was made against the entry in the List.
6) The following committee will undertake the work of scrutiny and empanelment of the unemployed graduate Engineers.
We need to replicate this success across multiple sectors.
On the north side, there is no depression noticed.
The Sabarimala Temple, dedicated to Lord Ayyappa, is a prominent temple in Kerala which is visited by over twenty million pilgrims and devotees every year.
There is hence an alarming need to ensure that the on-going development of identification systems be carefully monitored, while taking into account lessons learnt from history.
We waited on the platform at the Staion for about an hour.
There is nothing to suggest that the petitioner – father of M, or her grandmother would leave a bad and undesirable influence on M.
J [Dr. D. Y. CHANDRACHUD] ..
Therefore, there is no need for the instant batch of matters to be heard by a larger Bench.
Provided that it shall not be necessary to call an attesting witness in proof of the execution of any document, not being a Will, which has been registered in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Registration Act, 1908 (16 of 1908), unless its execution by the person by whom it purports to have been executed is specifically denied.
Respondents submitted that least intrusive test has not been approved either in the Modern Dental (supra) or in the Puttaswamy case.
Speaking at the function, the President said prestigious awards are a public recognition, of talent, merit and hard work, by peers and leaders in the profession.
It is on this basis that when the new was passed in 1965 the provision contained in old was omitted.
Therefore, in the interest of justice, the FIR deserves to be quashed.
The aforesaid line of argument was supported by Mr. Anand Grover and Ms. Indira Jaising, learned senior counsels.
The prosecution has to prove its case against the appellant beyond reasonable doubt.
He further alleged that he was beaten up, given electric shock and forced to write the resignation letter and thereafter, left him in his home in an unconscious condition.
He further alleged that he was beaten up, given electric shock and forced to write the resignation letter and thereafter, left him in his home in an unconscious condition.
In such circumstances, it is not possible for the court to remake the statute.
It also provided that licensee, i.e., HSCIL/Assessee may grant sub-licenses with a prior written consent of licensor.
In our country, the solitary instance since independence, i.e. in the case of Justice V. Ramaswami, was not successful.
Consequently, we are of opinion that the petitioner had satisfied all the requirements of obtaining ‘default bail’ which is that on 11 th January, 2017 he had put in more than 60 days in custody pending investigations into an alleged offence not punishable with imprisonment for a minimum period of 10 years, no charge sheet had been filed against him and he was prepared to furnish bail for his release, as such, he ought to have been released by the High Court on reasonable terms and conditions of bail.
The common law, however, was still concerned with the effect of adultery by a married woman on inheritance and property rights.
The effect of withdrawal of this facility would be that the appellant was not permitted to pay the duty every fortnight as per clause (a) of sub-rule (1).
In cases instituted on a police report, the Magistrate is only required to pass an order issuing summons to the accused.
First, it permits judicial creativity and second, it mentions one to be conscious of pragmatic realism of the obtaining situation and the controversy.
If the emoluments, as opined by us as aforesaid, are taken into account, for five (5) years, it would be approximately Rs.9.75 lakhs.
Balasore Minerals.
Maize, rice, wheat, potato, large cardamom, ginger and turmeric are the principal crops; while mandarin orange, guava, mango and banana are the principal fruits grown in the State.
The procedure adopted by the respondents, both pre-Act and post-Act, is arbitrary and in violation of Articles 14 and 21 of the Constitution because: (a) There is no informed consent at the time of enrolment.
Arjan Singh was awarded Padma Vishushan for his leadership of the Air Force.
In this regard letter of Central Government dated 02.07.1987 has also been relied.
The statutory provisions dealing with the custody of the child under any personal law cannot and must not supersede the paramount consideration as to what is conducive to the welfare of the minor.
I have no doubt that under your leadership, our strategic partnership will continue to progress and mature in the years to come.
The quantum of banknotes to be printed, broadly depends on the requirement for meeting the demand for banknotes, GDP growth, replacement of soiled banknotes, reserve stock requirements, etc.
The defendant denied the averments made in the plaint and joined issues.
The conventional sum has been provided in the Second Schedule of the Act.
Any haste in invoking such stringent provisions, without even complying with the mandatory requirements of the provision, would make such decision of the disciplinary authority illegal, being an abuse of power conferred upon it.
Taking into account the totality of the facts of the case, particularly the period of the delay, we are of the view that in the present case, the High Court should have condoned the delay.
Mr. Nakul Dewan who appeared on behalf of Glencore briefly made the following submissions: 18.1 Stamping of a foreign award was not a prerequisite for its enforceability.
The President said education is a powerful tool for social transformation.
The argument raised by Shri K.T.S. Tulsi is misconceived and we unhesitatingly repel the same.
The appellant-husband and his parents had to apply for anticipatory bail, which was granted to them.
The Rent Controller may or may not pass an order striking out the defence.
And so also, the subscription amount, as there was indeed a needle of suspicion on this subject as well.
Housing Society Ltd., the first respondent herein instituted a suit No.794 of 1988 before the City Civil Court, Hyderabad, seeking a declaration of title over land comprising 6 acres 30 guntas in Survey No.60/1 and 61 of Kakaguda village and recovery of the vacant possession from Defendant Nos.1 to 3 and 7, the appellants herein, after removal of the structure made therein by them.
The Explanation in rules in question has to be applied to both the situations as contemplated in Rule 56(c) and is applicable to both the exigencies not only when Government decides to retire an employee, but also applicable where voluntary retirement is sought by an employee.
It provides a range of credit risk insurance covers to exporters against loss in export of goods and services as well as offers guarantees to banks and financial institutions to enable exporters to obtain better facilities from them.
Since the gratuity is a statutory service condition, the Act provides for the punishment of the employer who fails to pay it to an employee.
During the pendency of the writ petitions the Notification dated 11.11.2011 under Section 40 of the Act came to be issued which was brought under challenge by amendments to the writ petitions.
Thus, in the instant case, proviso to cannot be ignored while interpreting the main subsection.
Dr Dhavan argued that the appellant Stipendiary Engineers had, by the time the decision in Umadevi (3) case was pronounced, qualified for the benefit of a scheme of regularisation having put in ten years as ad hoc Assistant Engineers and fifteen years if their tenure was to be counted from the date of their employment as Stipendiary Engineers.
In view of the aforesaid, the submission that there has been delay in holding the test identification parade does not really affect the case of the prosecution.
Power to issue, to include power to add to, amend, vary or rescind notifications, orders, rules or bye-laws.
Over time, sustained economic growth tends to lead to an enhanced quality of life and greater economic development.
Admittedly, the tractor which caused the accident in the present case was insured with respondent No.2-insurer and therefore, on this ground there cannot be an order to the insurer to pay and recover the compensation from the owner of the tractor.
On the contrary, if a Muslim wants to marry a first cousin he cannot do so under the Special Marriage Act 1954 although the Muslim personal law unconditionally permits such a marriage.
On that basis, it has been maintained by them that the property in question was liable to be treated as Joint Hindu Family property, and not the exclusive property of the defendants.
It is further observed by this Court as to what the intention of the person who contributed the purchase money, has to be decided on the basis of the surrounding circumstance; the relationship of the parties; the motives governing their action in bringing about the transaction and their subsequent conduct etc.
Scope of contempt proceedings is limited to the extent that whether accused has willfully disobeyed the order or direction of the Court in a particular case or not.
Preliminary notice.
It is indisputable that the electricity supply to a consumer is restricted and controlled by the terms and conditions of supply, the regulations framed and the provisions of the 2003 Act.
These appeals challenge the correctness of the impugned orders.
It has in turn, affected the ground water table and bore wells which are the only source of water for thousands of households.
It has in turn, affected the ground water table and bore wells which are the only source of water for thousands of households.
As directed by the competent State authorities from time to time.
Jayantilal Khandwala, 2008 (3) SCC 770 observed that where the applicability of Order 37 itself is in question, grant of leave to defend may be permissible.
The question is of its applicability to the present case.
If the net result was loss from the export business, then the deduction under the aforesaid Act is not permissible.
Undoubtedly, it is a difficult thing to prove even the intention of an individual and, therefore, it is all the more difficult to show the common intention of a group of persons.
I was set on fire this morning at about 2.00 – 2.30 AM.
The Delhi High Court examined 1948 Deed and also the amendments made in the year 1973, to arrive at a finding in regard to true nature of Wakf.
In the result, the impugned judgment is set aside and the appeal is allowed.
In case, no procedure is prescribed by the rules and there is no other impediment in law, the competent authority while laying down the norms for selection may prescribe for the tests and further specify the minimum benchmarks for written test as well as for viva voce.
Combined effect of the Explanation to Rule 2 and Rule 3 is that a discretion has been conferred on the court.
Combined effect of the Explanation to Rule 2 and Rule 3 is that a discretion has been conferred on the court.
The fact that “tarpaulin  was included in the First Schedule does not carry the matter any further in favour of the Revenue as it is clear that the exemption operating in favour of cotton-based tarpaulin as covered by “cotton fabrics  in the Third Schedule continues as no corresponding change has been made therein by the legislature even after the amendment of the First Schedule by the introduction of “tarpaulin .
Publication of the advertisement by the Within one District Basic Education officer for the week of the counseling of Shiksha Mitras including the receipt of the name, date of counselling and place of list.
Second, the majority view in Kesavananda Bharati’s case (supra) is that the Twenty- ninth Amendment which put the two statutes in the Ninth Schedule and is not open to challenge on the ground of either damage to or destruction of basic features, basic structure or basic framework or on the ground of violation of fundamental rights.
She further submitted that Ms. Ruchika was the best person to depose about the genuineness of her signatures, but as she is no more, therefore, she could not appear in the witness box to depose about the genuineness of her signature on the alleged Memorandum.
He submitted that the Government had in derogation of the orders of this Court dated 7.10.2004, 13.12.2006 and 22.04.2009 engaged a contractor for the supply of nutritional food to the children falling in the age group of six months to three years and that the present application was only an attempt to perpetuate that violation.
No universal rule can be laid down on this matter.
The leaders highlighted scope for expansion in ICT, science and technology, space and other areas.
It says that the holder of a mining lease or agent, etc. is entitled to remove or consume the mineral.
It says that the holder of a mining lease or agent, etc. is entitled to remove or consume the mineral.
Whether in India or elsewhere, there are no general remedies: every family business is unique, shaped by its own set of distinctive personalities, their concerns, objectives and relationships, as well as by a host of other personal and commercial characteristics.
At the launch of the Civil Disobedience Movement in 1931, mass public meetings were organised by Smt. Rama Devi, Gopabandhu Choudhury and Acharya Harihar Das in Odisha.
In appeal against the said order, this Court held that non-compliance with the proviso to clause(6) of the Act did not attract an order of dismissal of an election petition in terms of thereof.
You should always remain well informed with the latest in military technology advancements, as well as aware of scientific developments, for their appropriate application in the armed forces.
If the rate is high, then it may have lesser amount of internal savings.
A clear distinction is made out between common intention and common object in that common intention denotes action in concert and necessarily postulates the existence of a pre-arranged plan implying a prior meeting of the minds, while common object does not necessarily require proof of prior meeting of minds or pre- concert.
To put it briefly at this stage, the NCLT, after detailed deliberations, has come to the conclusion that the Company Petition filed by the respondent was not maintainable as the claims which were preferred by the respondent against the appellant and on the basis of which respondent asserts that it has to receive monies from the appellant are not tenable and in any case these are not disputed claims.
Further, on being called upon to match the offer of the highest bidder of Rs.4.60 Crores by the APSFC in its letter dated 21.03.2016, nothing prevented the petitioners from informing APSFC that they had a buyer ready and willing to pay the said sum.
So saying, I went by the side of the canal.
Its main purpose was to maintain and standardize the quality of different products. In 1986, the ISI was renamed as the Bureau of Indian Standards (External website that opens in a new window) or BIS.
Learned counsel for the appellant pointed out from the record that the appellant has already served more than two years’ imprisonment during the period of trial/appeal.
Even though the respondent was retired from the service of the petitioners, his pension and retiral benefits were not settled earlier.
But we find that UGC had no occasion to examine the Prof. Tandon Committee report.
Further, as the requirement of the provision having been complied with by reason of Notification dated 26th June, 1967, a further notification under was not necessary.
They display amazing depth, richness and diversity developed over several millennia.
Plantation and horticulture (tree based farming, wadi development, organic farming,).
The Court made it amply clear that neither the accused nor the complainant or informant are entitled to choose their own Investigating Agency to investigate the crime in which they are interested.
Clause 21.1(g) provides that the Consortium leader shall lead all arbitration proceedings.
It is indeed a pleasure for me to be present amongst you at the launch of the National Mission on Libraries and the Government of India Scheme: 'Up-gradation of Libraries providing services to the public .
After completion of the investigation, the impugned charge sheets were filed on 31.5.2012 in all the five cases.
(e) Charge No.5:- The Respondent prepared budget 2001-2002 and forwarded to the management directly without obtaining sanction of the School Committee.
Judicial review by the Apex Court has thus been left intact.
Those observations were neither relevant for deciding the suits nor relevant for deciding these appeals.
Those observations were neither relevant for deciding the suits nor relevant for deciding these appeals.
In the evening, they had gone to the tower.
This was reviewed against the estimated figure of 5.9 m given by the CWPRS.
Therefore, before a notice under can be issued two steps have to be taken.
If so, state the name of the contractors  the Company has specifically mentioned two cooperative societies and one other contractor thereby admitting that it actually employed about 30 workers itself through contractors.
It contains exempted capital gain in the hands of various categories of persons.
Shri K.V. Vishwanathan, learned senior counsel appearing on behalf of the appellant, has taken us through the Appellate Tribunal judgment as well as various other documents.
Bulls, therefore, in our view, cannot be a performing animal, anatomically not designed for that, but are forced to perform, inflicting pain and suffering, in total violation of and of PCA Act.
As stated above, we need to keep in mind the difference between judicial review and merit review.
Formulation of Accounting Policies / Procedures / For recording Accounts and maintenance of books. Coordinating with Statutory Auditors for timely completion of Limited Review at quarterly intervals and Statutory Audit as at the end of the financial year.
During the pendency of the suit, Sundarabai died and her daughters were brought on record.
As such this petition though filed way back in 2005 is not infructuous, the issues raised being very much topical and alive even today.
For causing injury No.7 the weapon would have to be at the level of the scrotum and to its left and the autopsy surgeon has stated that assailant to cause injury No.7 will have to be in front and beneath.
Then came, in 1988, , which only declared that a private company either accepting deposits from or renewing existing deposits (made either after or prior to 15.6.1988 respectively) collected from “persons other than its members, directors or their relatives  (hereinafter for the sake of convenience referred to as “PUBLIC ) shall become a public company.
It was also indicated therein that if the Appellant failed to give possession of the land, necessary action would be taken for taking possession by the application of necessary force.
It was also indicated therein that if the Appellant failed to give possession of the land, necessary action would be taken for taking possession by the application of necessary force.
It was also indicated therein that if the Appellant failed to give possession of the land, necessary action would be taken for taking possession by the application of necessary force.
Months later, the rash appears on the arms and legs.
While the Member (Technical – Brahma Deva) opined that the law applicable is only Rule 126-M(8)(a) of the RULES and the RULES did not make any reference to the value of the gold for the purpose of determining the quantum of fine.
A conflict may also envisage a situation where an assertion of a political right under the umbrella of the right to life stands in conflict with the assertion of an economic right which is also comprehended by the protection of life under the Constitution.
The basic medical needs of a region or the preferential push justified for a handicapped group cannot prevail in the same measure all the highest scales of speciality where the best skill or talent, must be handpicked by selecting according to capability.
Rule 64 contemplates provisional pension being paid for reasons other than departmental or judicial proceedings.
P-1 to P-21 documents and M.Os.1 to 99 objects.
CREDA - HPCL Biofuel Limited is a Subsidiary company of Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited (‘HPCL’), with Chhattisgarh State Renewable Energy Development Agency (‘CREDA’) for the plantation of jatropha in the State of Chhattisgarh.
The proper officer, on a request made by the importer, has to furnish and intimate to the importer in writing the grounds for doubting the truth or accuracy of the value declared in relation to the imported goods.
In that sense, the Authority is to act as trustee and it may object to passing of the order by the court.
In commercial terms, ‘gypsum board’ is defined as gypsum between two paper sheets.
In applying rule of plain meaning any hardship and inconvenience cannot be the basis to alter the meaning to the language employed by the legislation.
The Government of India is directed to proactively request the State Governments to establish the State Employment Guarantee Council under the Act within a period of 45 days from today.
We put him on the stretcher and took to the I.C.U where Doctor started immediate treatment.
Where a wrong has been committed, the wrong-doer must suffer from the impossibility of accurately ascertaining the amount of damages.
It, thus, allowed the claim raised by the respondent.
In such a situation, the approach shall not be to see whether there is still jurisdiction in the civil court under the general law.
In fact, when the party appointing an adjudicator is the State, the duty to appoint an impartial and independent adjudicator is that much more onerous — and the right to natural justice cannot be said to have been waived only on the basis of a “prior  agreement between the parties at the time of the contract and before arising of the disputes.
The right can be regulated by the High Courts by prescribing conditions.
Director General of Police on 01.08.2018 wrote to Additional Chief Secretary to the Government concurring with the views of Additional Director General of Police to transfer the cases to Central Bureau of Investigation.
Provided further that a physically handicapped will get as many attempts as are “available to other non-physically handicapped candidates of his or her community, subject to the condition that a physically handicapped candidate belonging to the General Category shall be eligible for seven attempts.
Ramchandra Vitthal Dongre is not eligible to claim allotment of large gala, the High Court shall dispose of the said writ petition W.P.No.234 of 2004 by passing appropriate orders.
On this occasion, I extend my greetings and felicitations to all personnel of the Indian Air Force, civilians and their families.
And was successful in annexing large parts of the Gupta Empire.
He also further contended that the deceased Amjath Khan Arabu was an unmarried - person aged about 24 years and the High Court rightly applied the multiplier of 12 as per the age of the claimants (i.e.) parents.
He also further contended that the deceased Amjath Khan Arabu was an unmarried - person aged about 24 years and the High Court rightly applied the multiplier of 12 as per the age of the claimants (i.e.) parents.
In the absence of such power in the rules, it could still be provided in the advertisement.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has extended his greetings and felicitations to the King and people of theHashemite Kingdom of Jordan on the eve of their Independence Day (May 25, 2016).
A person who is in the service of either of the Union or the State would still have the option, if selected to join the service as a District Judge or continue with his existing employment.
The Constitution framers were conscious of the fact that goal set-up for freedom of trade and commerce is to eliminate internal custom duties and States were conceded to impose limited taxes with restrictions as envisaged in the proposed articles.
A 1720 enactment provided that Judges should continue in office for six months after demise of the monarch.
The above case also thus does not help the appellant in the facts of the present case.
His confessional statement was recorded in which he did not name the appellant (A-131) and did not involve the appellant in any overt act.
His confessional statement was recorded in which he did not name the appellant (A-131) and did not involve the appellant in any overt act.
The President concluded quoting Gandhiji and asking them to be the change that they wish to see in the world.
Integrated Long Term Programme of Cooperation (ILTP) - India has an ILTP (Integrated Long Term Programme) with Russia.
Thereafter, Sri Sanjeev Tana personally came to the office of PW4 at 01.30 pm on 26.03.2014 and handed over the duly filled up Form No.4 in original bearing signature of the petitioner along with his authority letter.
The accused Respondent had the grudge and motive to kill Kishan Sikand.
In the Union territory of Puducherry, marriages of various communities are registered with the Local Bodies Authorities under Municipal/Commune Panchayat limits under the provisions of the Registration of Marriages by “Decret  dated 24.04.1880 or under the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955 or the Special Marriage Act, 1954 by the Sub-Registrars of the Registration Department.! * Previously, the French Civil Code was used for registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages in the Local Bodies of the Union territory of Puducherry.
Parliament can make law only for Union Territories and the Supreme Court on the subject of Court fee.
Copies concerning the fresh material must of course be furnished to the accused.
Another contention raised by the appellants before the High Court was that the ratio of Uma Devi’s case had no relevance in the cases of industrial adjudication by the Labour Courts/Industrial Tribunals.
It is relevant to recall the discussion in chapters 2 and 3 of this Report, where it is pointed out that Article 16(2) merely requires States Parties to the UNCAC to consider criminalising the solicitation or acceptance of bribes by foreign public officials and _ officials of public international organisations.
To appreciate it better, let us take an example of an assessee who deliberately undervalues the goods which he removed.
The Courts generally enjoy considerable amount of discretion in the matter of determining the quantum of sentence.
Besides solemnization of new marriages, this Act also makes a provision for registration of pre-existing marriages solemnized in foreign countries under the laws of those countries (Section 17).
The petitioners had originally joined the services of the erstwhile Andhra Pradesh Electricity Board (APSEB) and their service conditions were regulated by the Andhra Pradesh State Electricity Board Service Regulations.
The circumstances leading to filing of I.A.No.58 of 2011 are adverted to in detail in preceding paragraphs.
It was not disputed that as far as the position before accession was concerned the properties devolved from ruler to ruler by applying the rule of primogeniture.
On the other hand, we are of the view that the sentence awarded by the Designated Court to the appellant is justifiable and acceptable, hence, the appeal is liable to be dismissed.
Print media and the radio services too have tremendously increased.
Perception - Response to stimuli such as visual, auditory, kinesthetic, or tactile discrimination.
It does not ordinarily enlarge the scope of the original section which it explains, but only makes the meaning clear beyond dispute.
Except for the statement to the police, I am speaking about the occurrence only before the court now.
Under sec. 37, the jurisdiction under Class 1, 2, 3 can also be exercised by the Judge — assisted by one or more commissioners.
The Ceremonial Changing of Guards at Rashtrapati Bhavan will not be held on September 29, 2012 due to other major functions in Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Emerging new types of crimes and their level of sophistication, the traditional methods and tools have become outdated, hence the necessity to strengthen the forensic science for crime detection.
Few people can create such an impact on others.
To suggest that any Judge would be more capable of deciding particular cases or that certain categories of cases should be assigned only to the senior-most among the Judges of the Supreme Court has no foundation in principle or precedent.
To suggest that any Judge would be more capable of deciding particular cases or that certain categories of cases should be assigned only to the senior-most among the Judges of the Supreme Court has no foundation in principle or precedent.
It is submitted that by notice dated 19.08.1985 as contained in annexure-2 to the affidavit, the property in question was resumed by the respondent and an amount of Rs.17,275/- was offered as compensation.
His function is to examine the evidence presented by the Department, even in the absence of the delinquent official to see as to whether the unrebutted evidence is sufficient to hold that the charges are proved.
The Controller General of Patents, Designs & Trade Marks directs and supervises the functioning of the Trade Marks Registry (TMR).
Order 12 Rule 6 being an enabling provision, it is neither mandatory nor peremptory but discretionary.
Order 12 Rule 6 being an enabling provision, it is neither mandatory nor peremptory but discretionary.
The minimum floor space available per bird should be an important factor in calculation of maximum stocking density.
If the need arises, there can be separate umbrella organisations at the Central and the State levels.
Learned counsel for the appellant-husband submitted that the respondent-wife has concealed her employment and independent source of income on several occasions throughout the matrimonial proceedings before the courts below and also that the High Court has committed a grave error in interfering with the well-reasoned order of the trial Court under Section 24 of the HM Act.
The Board of Directors of NSEL is entirely under the control of FTIL.
The Board of Directors of NSEL is entirely under the control of FTIL.
Obviously, the employees, too, had the benefit of Regulation 29(5) in mind when they offered for voluntary retirement as admittedly Regulation 28, as was existing at that time, was not applicable at all.
To ensure effective utilisation of the available human resources.
That the opinion of the Medical Board lacks in reasons, has been conceded too by the learned counsel for the appellants.
That the opinion of the Medical Board lacks in reasons, has been conceded too by the learned counsel for the appellants.
The employees accepted VRS with their eyes open without making any kind of protest regarding their past rights...
In so doing, the High Court failed to see that the High Court curtailed the judicial powers of the Trial Court in passing appropriate order on such applications.
It is also admitted fact that during their cohabitation the couple had changed their residence thrice.
It is also admitted fact that during their cohabitation the couple had changed their residence thrice.
Lord Diplock held that issue estoppel, in criminal proceedings takes the form of the ‘rule against double jeopardy’.
The Courts have always avoided hampering themselves by defining or laying down as a general proposition what shall be held to constitute fraud.
As regards failure of LL to point out high level of NPAs of GTB, it was submitted that no formal complaint was filed against PwCPL.
It is argued that having regard to the well known maxim that “fraud vitiates everything  and the settled principle of law that the benefits secured out of a fraudulent action cannot be permitted to be retained, the appellants cannot be permitted to claim any sympathetic consideration from this Court.
As a result, the appellant filed Miscellaneous Application No.518 of 2018 on 07.06.2018 before the NCLT in order that the appellant be allowed to effectively participate in these meetings.
IPC I award the punishment of life imprisonment to each of the convict and fine of Rs.5000/- to each of them.
It was submitted by them that WPI is a general or representative index of prices of all commodities and as such it would not and need not take all commodities into account.
It was submitted by them that WPI is a general or representative index of prices of all commodities and as such it would not and need not take all commodities into account.
If the Chief Justice of India and others with whom he/she has discussed the matter conclude – unanimously - that the person ought to be appointed as a judge of a High Court or the Supreme Court despite the antecedents, peculiarities and angularities, there can be no earthly reason why that collective view should not be accepted.
Even after lapse of four and a half months, 21 named as accused by the petitioners of the heinous crime of gang rape during communal violence roam free.
I am unable to accept the finding of the courts below, that by remaining silent, accused No.2/appellant has indirectly abetted the offence of causing disappearance of proof of murder.
Besides, minimum area requirement were also imposed by the Government.
Consequently where the suggested construction operates harshly, ridiculously or in any other manner contrary to prevailing conceptions of justice and reason, in most instances, it would seem that the apparent or suggested meaning of the statute, was not the one intended by the law- makers.
Like many foot conditions, heel fissures can become more dangerous if they go untreated and become deep or infected.
In terms of proviso (1) to Regulation 9, general category candidates must secure 50% marks while those belonging to SC/ST and other backwards classes are required to secure at least 40% marks in the entrance test in order to be eligible for admission.
In terms of proviso (1) to Regulation 9, general category candidates must secure 50% marks while those belonging to SC/ST and other backwards classes are required to secure at least 40% marks in the entrance test in order to be eligible for admission.
The Chief Engineer shall within a period of ninety days from the date of being requested by the Contractor to do so, given written notice of his decision to the contractor.
I have heard learned counsel for the petitioners and learned Special Government Pleader appearing for the Forest Department and perused the pleadings and the documents on record.
What works for one may not work for others.
Therefore, this condition was incorporated and since Nirlac did not fulfil this condition, its tender was not found to be technically qualified.
That the dead body of deceased Akash was found in the baithak of accused persons which proved the death or human sacrifice by all the accused persons.
The petitioner admittedly neither filled up / submitted the form nor paid the fee.
Similar explosions were caused at various places in the city.
The second allotment is not only about a change in the location of the land, but the subsequent allotment is also of a much larger plot of land, brought about in terms of the request of the allottee for a bigger plot.
If a liberal view was taken on sentence of imprisonment, reasonable amount of compensation was required to be awarded.
The object of the Organization was to turn India into a Hindu Rashtra called as ‘Aryavrat’.
As regards permanent disablement and loss of amenities of life, the tribunal has awarded Rs. 20, 000 / -.
The convert must embrace Hinduism (or another religion) and follow the cultural and spiritual traditions and take to the mode of life of that religion.
But the choice made by a third party who intervenes to help him is very different.
Its known that yields are variable, however, its now being realized that the weather, particularly rainfall is also becoming increasingly unpredictable and uncertain.
It must expeditiously investigate all allegations of corruption without fear or favour.
Since there is no uniformity in the application of section 213 insofar as it relates to the Muslims and Christians on the one hand and Hindus, Buddhists, Sikhs, Jainas and Parsis on the other, the Commission has resolved to recommend for the repeal of section 213 altogether from the statute and remove the disuniformity/discrimination and attain uniformity.
We fail to understand that even upon respondent No.4 complying with all the conditions of deputation, it would render him a person of not high integrity.
It also promised an initial period of two years for going operational in the first instance, extendable by further period of two years subject to satisfactory progress to be found by the State Level Committee.
The decision to do so is not founded upon an intent to cause death but to allow the life of the patient to continue till and cease at the end of its natural term.
Following this they assembled each of the lights and lanterns installed in their villages and oversaw their installation.
However, Rule 49 applies where an advocate is a full-time salaried employee of any person, government, firm, corporation or concern.
In the instant case, the request was made and received by the appellants in the concerned appeal much before the , 2015 came into force.
The State can step in and oversee/supervise the process of admission, which is to be essentially taken by the educational institution to ensure that the aforesaid triple test of fair, transparent and non-exploitative selection process is followed.
A notice to produce is addressed to the party concerned and his production in compliance therewith constitutes a testimonial act by him within the meaning of as above explained.
This case again does not deal with the precise problem that is before the Court in this case.
This case again does not deal with the precise problem that is before the Court in this case.
He was sitting on the pillion seat on two wheeler scooter.
It was also contended that owner of the land is deprived of his ownership rights over his land when the State purports to acquire only a building or part thereof, standing on his land without acquiring the underlying land.
As per the said clause the starting date is the date of “the receipt of the said notice .
This has also been observed in our interactions with the representatives of Regional Rural Banks and Cooperative banks.
One of the essential features of Population Enumeration is that each person is enumerated and her/his individual particulars are collected at a well-defined point of time.
Obviously, the facts of a particular case may be such that it falls within more than one of the above categories.
A critical facility for validation of physics calculations pertaining to core design is being set up at BARC.
In that case, this Court while dismissing the appeal reiterated the legal principle that the provisions of the Act do not have retrospective effect.
The CGIT on the basis of the pleadings, evidence on record and also on the basis of the Award passed by Justice R.D. Tulpule which was clarified in the Award passed by Justice S.M. Jamdar referred to supra, held that the same are applicable to the concerned workmen in this dispute.
They were axed to death in an extremely brutal manner.
In case, time is not the essence, the Plaintiffs are entitled for damages.
Nos.19545-19546 of 2016, has argued that the first part of does not apply to Court proceedings at all, thereby indicating that the must be given retrospective effect insofar as Court proceedings in relation to arbitral proceedings are concerned.
He was further charged for concealing contraband at his house and also in the mango grove of Abdul Razak Subedar and further for his involvement in disposal of the said articles at Kandal Gaon Creek.
He was further charged for concealing contraband at his house and also in the mango grove of Abdul Razak Subedar and further for his involvement in disposal of the said articles at Kandal Gaon Creek.
The former British colonies in particular adopted similar laws, based on what became known as the 'Westminster Model' constitution.
They supported the arguments of the learned Attorney General and went on to state that since the focus of the and the Impugned Regulation was for the small and impoverished consumers in India, this Court would be loathe to strike down the Impugned Regulation.
Hence, the 1st respondent and his mother filed O.S.
Among the dignitaries present on the occasion was Governor of Uttar Pradesh, Shri B.L. Joshi.
List I Entry 89 contained another tax, namely, 'terminal tax on goods and passengers carried by railway, sea or air, tax on railway fair and freight'.
The changed or altered conditions are such that the previous decision would not have been rendered by the court, if those conditions had existed at the time of declaring the law as invalid.
The changed or altered conditions are such that the previous decision would not have been rendered by the court, if those conditions had existed at the time of declaring the law as invalid.
In some cases, the extrinsic evidence in question leads to possible alternative interpretations of the written words (ie, the court determines that latent ambiguity exists).
Basic principle of law is that law compels no impossibility.
Basic principle of law is that law compels no impossibility.
It is indeed a privilege for me to be present amidst you all for the Golden Jubilee celebrations of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
Thereafter, a letter dated 31.7.2009 had been received from the Collector, Kutch stating that respondent No.4 had purchased the concerned land admeasuring 39 acres and 25 guntas, but no industrial use had been made, and that the respondent No.5 had shown his willingness to purchase the land.
The requirement under Aadhaar Act to give one's demographic and biometric information does not violate fundamental right of privacy.
The most relevant issue involved herein is as at what stage the validity of sanction order can be raised.
The next day, the appellant (A-73) had taken the tempo to Sankhvi Street to the aforesaid address, and as per the direction, the goods were unloaded there.
To ensure that greater caution is taken in environmental management, implementation of the principle through judicial and legislative means is necessary .
He paid floral tributes in front of a portrait of Netaji at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Notices be given 'dasti' to the learned counsel for the appellant.
It is equally well settled that relief of specific performance is discretionary but not arbitrary, hence, discretion must be exercised in accordance with sound and reasonably judicial principles.
Even so, the conclusion reached by the Deputy Director, will have to be upheld for the reasons mentioned hitherto.
Secondly, there is no vicarious liability in criminal law unless the statute takes that also within its fold.
Secondly, there is no vicarious liability in criminal law unless the statute takes that also within its fold.
The survey program of the 1983 also satisfies, to the extent relevant to the matter under review, the principle of proportionality.
This witness not only had the opportunity of seeing his abductors but also had heard their exchanges by referring to their nick names.
In our view, the said findings of fact do not suffer from any perversity and the same ought not to have been interfered by the High Court.
Moreover, the present is not a case where the course was being run without recognition of NCTE.
Further, no plausible explanation is forthcoming as to why the Investigating Agency had taken panchas along with them for conducting search outside the State of Maharashtra.
My government is making Nari Shakti an integral part of our development journey.
It is true that PW-4 Shankar Yadav stated that he did not know the names of the accused, but he stated that he got to know the names at the scene of offence and he identified the accused in the court.
By the IMPUGNED ACT five more contingencies specified in clauses (aa), (t), (u), (v) and (w) have been added which render persons falling in the net of those contingencies disqualified from contesting elections.
There is no cap / restriction on the number of payments that can be made.
In this regard the Indian law is a departure from the English law and it enjoins a duty on the court to examine objectively and carefully if the merger was not violative of public interest.
In a message to His Excellency Mr. Nursultan Nazarbayev, the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan, the President has said, 'On behalf of the Government, the people of India and on my own behalf, I extend to you and to the people of Kazakhstan warm greetings and felicitations on the occasion of the 25th Anniversary of Kazakhstan’s Independence.
Therefore, the decision of the Gujarat High Court in the aforesaid case became final and has been operating since.
The contents of the Fourth Schedule incorporate the Red and Orange lists of the International Bar Association Guidelines on Conflicts of Interest in International Arbitration.
It is further submitted by the learned counsel appearing on behalf of the original Accused No.1 that the conviction by both the Courts below is based upon the depositions of PWs.1 and 2 whose credibility is very doubtful and both of them are not believable.
The body of Smt. Suvra Mukherjee will be kept at Rashtrapati Bhavan for family and friends to pay last respects from 3.00 to 5.00 p.m. today and thereafter, at 13, Talkatora Road, the residence of her son, Shri Abhijit Mukherjee, MP.
Thus it has tremendous potential of developing hydro power, which is production of electricity by means of running water in rivers and streams.
Thus, incitement to not only violence but also to discrimination has been recognized as a ground for interfering with freedom of expression.
We accordingly, request Mr. F.S. Nariman, Senior Advocate to assist the Court as an amicus curiae.
Three bidders remained for consideration of the award of tender by the Municipal Corporation.
Moreover, it is the other factors which prevailed with the Court to accept the settlement and compound he offence, as noted above while discussing this case.
The total number of cases being appealed to the High Courts will also increase.
It was also brought to our notice that the Bombay High Court has consistently held that voting inter se developers should not be done.
But by the which applies to the trial of all criminal cases, the expression “evidence  is defined in as meaning and including all statements which the Court permits or requires to be made before it by witnesses, in relation to matters of fact under enquiry and documents produced for the inspection of the Court.
Both the nations have a shared history, cultural and linguistic ties.
The birthmarks have no relevance for classification of Data Processing Assistants who are directly recruited and others who are promoted.
When you are dealing with the problem of construing a constitutional provision which is none-too-clear or lucid you feel inclined to inquire how other judicial minds have responded to the challenge presented by similar provisions in other sister Constitutions.
We, thus, have to confine our discussions to above Clause (iii) under which the assessee- Urban Improvement Trust claims to be covered.
Worms (nematodes) are long, naked, and boneless creatures that pass their young from eggs or cyst to larval (newly hatched worms) stage, maturing into worms in the tissues they infect, such as skin, muscle, lungs, or intestine (gut or digestive tract).
Medical education must be taken very seriously and when an expert body certifies that the facilities in a medical college are inadequate, the courts are not equipped to take a different view in the matter except for very cogent jurisdictional reasons such as mala fides of the Inspection Team, ex facie perversity in the inspection report, jurisdictional error on the part of MCI, etc.
Explanation II-For the purposes of this section, it is immaterial whether or not any fees are attached to the office referred to in Explanation I or whether or not such office is attached to a particular place.
The allegations about the commission of the assault were in omnibus terms.
The constitutional and statutory provisions protect a person’s right to fresh air, clean water and pollution-free environment, but the source of the right is the inalienable common law right of clean environment.
The names of Vyapam officials involved were – Pankaj Trivedi (Controller/Director), Nitin Mohindra, (Principal System Analyst), Ajay Kumar Sen (Senior System Analyst), Chandrakant Mishra (Assistant Programmer) etc..
Ram Chandra Chaurasiya (PW-1) disclosed in his evidence that a few days before the date of occurrence, the accused has teased his daughter and also threatened her.
Ram Chandra Chaurasiya (PW-1) disclosed in his evidence that a few days before the date of occurrence, the accused has teased his daughter and also threatened her.
I have no doubt that this will further enhance the quality of our relationship and strengthen our ties.
With rising inflation, the delayed payment may lose all charms and utility of the compensation.
We leave this contention open to be decided by the High Court at the appropriate stage.
We leave this contention open to be decided by the High Court at the appropriate stage.
Amongst other the same reveals that A-82 being participant in commission of offence ?regarding Dighi landing.
The respondent was entitled to claim refund of the said amount with interest @ 9% from the date of expiry of 6 months of the date of receipt of the application.
There is another adage that every saint has a past and every criminal has a future.
In the end, we must express our appreciation and gratitude to the learned Amicus Curiae for rendering very effective and able assistance in the matter.
Also, defamation is a non-cognizable offence whereas under the offence is cognizable.
Thereafter also, the deceased remained in the Hospital under the treatment of the appellant and Dr. Mohod.
From the aforesaid, there is absolutely no ambiguity with regard to the fact that the status of the petitioner, as existing on 30.03.2010, was restored.
Under the PFA Act, cases are instituted on filing of a complaint before the Court of Metropolitan Magistrate as specified in Section 20 of the PFA Act and offences under the PFA Act are both cognizable and non-cognizable.
It is a matter of record that the State of Uttar Pradesh enacted U.P. Panchayat Law (Amendment) Act, 1994 on 22nd April, 1994 to give effect to the provisions of Part IX of the Constitution.
A beneficiary could show gratitude to a benefactor, through an expression of loyalty.
Trial of a case is only one step in the life of a criminal case.
It is further directed that no other extraction shall take place in the meantime.
It is further directed that no other extraction shall take place in the meantime.
With the proliferation of goods and services in a rapidly growing economy, Parliament envisaged the enactment to be the corner-stone of a vibrant consumer movement.
The fraud on the constitution precisely lies in this.
The heart of the matter turns upon interpreting PART F the expression “difference of opinion  and the words “on any matter .
India 's total external trade (exports plus imports including re - exports) in the year 1990 - 91 stood at Rs. 91, 893 crore.
These trade transactions obviously only aimed at carrying out manipulative objective.
The lease itself has not been shown to be a sham transaction.
When we ask why such rules do not infringe s.92, I think that commonsense suggests a fairly clear and satisfactory answer.
Wash the feet regularly: Wash the feet with mild soap and warm water everyday.
Suffice it to say that the two blasts one at Mini Hira Bazar, Varccha Road, Surat and the other at Platform 1, Surat Railway Station took place on 28th January, 1993 and 22nd April, 1993 respectively.
The appellants filed their respective replies to the show cause notices.
In such a suit, the plaintiff, who has not received the amount due to him in a foreign currency, and, therefore, desires to seek the assistance of the court to recover that amount, has two courses open to him.
In such a suit, the plaintiff, who has not received the amount due to him in a foreign currency, and, therefore, desires to seek the assistance of the court to recover that amount, has two courses open to him.
In spite of all resuscitative measures, he could not be revived and declared dated at 06:15 am on 01/12/2017 at Meditrina Hospital.
In spite of all resuscitative measures, he could not be revived and declared dated at 06:15 am on 01/12/2017 at Meditrina Hospital.
We are in agreement with the Tribunal on this point.
It also does not discharge duties having a positive application of public nature.
The case at hand asks important questions of our conversation with the Constitution.
The house of Akramul was set on fire.
The inner drum is placed into the larger drum.
Sixthly, we cannot ignore the legislative journey of in Part XIII.
Noida and Greater Noida authorities are not issuing NOC for the reason that payment of land dues has not been made by the builder, for which authorities are also responsible.
This department deals with the formulation and implementation of various programmes to augment production of both food crops and cash crops in the State.
For National level there is one award comprising of ₹ 1,00,000/- (Rupees One Lakh only) and Award Certificate to be given annually.
Since we are concerned with that part of the order vide which the duty was imposed, henceforth we will confine our discussion to this aspect alone.
Since we are concerned with that part of the order vide which the duty was imposed, henceforth we will confine our discussion to this aspect alone.
That I was an unemployed person, and I was in dire need of employment.
The question that arose was whether the claim petition was maintainable having regard to the fact that the cause of action had arisen prior to the change of the forum for trial of a claim for payment of compensation.
The question that arose was whether the claim petition was maintainable having regard to the fact that the cause of action had arisen prior to the change of the forum for trial of a claim for payment of compensation.
The said decision of the Government was in consonance with the statutory rules and had been made bona fide, reasonably on an intelligible criterion which has a rational nexus with the object of differentiation.
The letter dated 5 January 2012 of the Housing and Urban Development Department contemplates that several steps were still to be taken including the transfer to the road widening portion to Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority, the issuance of an NOC by the Sewerage Board and the fulfillment of all requisite conditions under the development regulations.
The letter dated 5 January 2012 of the Housing and Urban Development Department contemplates that several steps were still to be taken including the transfer to the road widening portion to Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority, the issuance of an NOC by the Sewerage Board and the fulfillment of all requisite conditions under the development regulations.
When Hariya was passing through a Mahua tree in village - Nirtala, one person suddenly got down from the tree and hit him with the Lathi (stick).
Over the years, our civilization has celebrated diversity, plurality and promoted and advocated tolerance.
It provides technical consultancy services to the mining industry for the geological appraisal of mineral resources, and the preparation of feasibility reports of mining projects, including beneficiation plants.
In the result, the appeal is allowed, the impugned order is set aside.
Such loan accounts become non- performing assets 27 (NPAs) within the meaning of SARFAESI ACT in the hands of the financial institutions which advance loans.
Insofar as the list of 17 cases handed over by Shri Sibal, in which DCG(I) approvals have allegedly been granted, we are of the view that since the Parliamentary Standing Committee itself refers to DCG(I) approvals and the manner in which they were granted, we do not accede to Mr. Sibal's request that these 17 cases be kept outside the purview of the fresh look that has to be given by the DTAB/Sub-Committee in these cases.
In a comparatively recent decision of this Court in Subramanian Swamy9, this court was concerned with the question whether a complaint can be filed by a citizen for prosecuting the public servant for an offence under the , 1988 and whether the authority competent to sanction prosecution of a public servant for offences under that Act is required to take appropriate decision within the time specified in Clause (I)(15) of the directions contained in paragraph 58 of the judgment of this Court in Vineet Narain1 and the guidelines issued by the Central Government, Department of Personnel and Training and the Central Vigilance Commission.
With these few words, I once again congratulate the scholars and students of the University of Kashmir on this important occasion as you enter a new chapter of life 's lessons and experiences.
The promotion to a post and more so, to a selection post, depends upon several circumstances.
We again emphasise that no person rightfully entitled to the benefits shall be denied the same on such grounds.
The power exercised by the Chief Justice of the High Court or the Chief Justice of India under Section 11(6) of the Act is not an administrative power.
There is no legal impediment in convicting a person on the sole testimony of a single witness.
Hostel: Available accommodation is less than required.
The next contention that Rule 15 of the TADA Rules has not been followed also does not carry any weight.
Candidates staying abroad may send their application in plain paper giving details of the Bio-data and enclosing copies of their educational qualifications.
Australia: (a) New South Wales: Under the Judicial Officers Act, 1986 the complaints are referred to the Conduct Division of the Judicial Commission.
The application of the doctrine depends upon the nature of the jurisdiction conferred on the administrative authority, upon the character of the rights of the persons affected, the scheme and policy of the statute and other relevant circumstances disclosed in the particular case.
In line with the Third Bi - Monthly Monetary Policy Statement, 2014 - 15 issued on August 5, 2014, the Reserve Bank has decided to review the existing liquidity arrangements.
In the presence of sunlight, these chemicals form ozone.
The Board pays interest on the loans borrowed by the Board.
It is not necessary to traverse through all these judgments.
The PMC consists of a Hon 'ble Mayor, a Hon' ble Deputy Mayor and 70 other Hon 'ble Ward Councillors.
Therefore, in order to achieve the objective of the Bill and prevent such anomalies from occurring, the Government may consider enhancing the pecuniary jurisdiction of the Delhi High Court up to Rupees One Crore so as to bring uniformity amongst the five High Courts.
Of the bond issuances, three bonds were issued to retail investors, viz. Capital Gains Bonds, NABARD Rural Bonds and Bhavishya Nirman Bonds.
Cotton, muga, paat (mulberry silk) and endi are the basic raw materials for hand - woven fabrics in Assam.
In order to examine the true character of the enactment, the entire Act, its object, scope and effect, is required to be gone into.
The accused – Gyan Singh has served the sentence of imprisonment and he has not filed an appeal in this Court.
Even the appointments to the local cadre must be made by the Authority.
It was, accordingly suggested, that it was absolutely imperative to correct the majority view expressed in the Second Judges case.
The allegation against the present appellants is that they both had informed the other accused persons of the fact that the complainant is carrying the money in a motorcycle and that they could loot him.
Even as per the 2015 which has inserted the Fifth Schedule to the 1996 Act which contains grounds to determine whether circumstances exist which give rise to justifiable doubts as to the 3 2002 (1) All ER 465 independence or impartiality of an arbitrator.
True it is, that the Rules of 2006 would come into play if the Government employee dies in harness even due to natural death.
The oath of office demands nothing less.
Let us pledge to join hands and build an India that truly exemplifies this SUDHAR.
Sushila Bhadoriya (supra) is also in tune with the decisions of the High Court of Karnataka in Ganesh (supra) and Arun @ Aravind (supra).
Veerappa Channappa Maranbid was very much there at the spot at the time of the incident.
As each generation becomes more in tune with the Internet, their desire to retrieve information as quickly and easily as possible has increased.
The Explanation to this Section endeavours to include through iteration all public places.
In spite of the above stated facts, the BDA and its officials without any kind of notice and with the help of a large contingent of police force accompanied by the officials and workmen including the Commissioner, BDA and all of a sudden they have illegally trespassed over the suit schedule property on 24.04.2001 and interfered over the same and demolished the existing construction buildings as well as her business therein on 24.04.2001 with the aid of bulldozers and such other machinery, equipments....
It was, thus, argued that after purchase of the land on June 22, 1994, the respondent remained in possession for barely 7 years when she was dispossessed, even as per the respondent's own showing and the suit filed on August 06, 2001 claiming adverse possession on the ground that she was in possession for 12 years, was incompetent.
Per contra, learned counsel appearing for respondent No.1 contended that once the issue regarding the validity of appointment has been adjudicated in the earlier writ petition being Writ Petition No.13537/2011, the District Magistrate has no authority to question the experience of respondent No.1 and the subsequent writ petition was barred by the principle of res judicata.
Shall not exploit for their own personal gain, opportunities that are discovered through use of corporate property, information or position, unless the opportunity is disclosed fully in writing to the Board of Directors of the Company and the Board declines to pursue such opportunity.
Shall not exploit for their own personal gain, opportunities that are discovered through use of corporate property, information or position, unless the opportunity is disclosed fully in writing to the Board of Directors of the Company and the Board declines to pursue such opportunity.
The aforesaid evidence corroborates the fact that the appellant was staying on the first floor of the Vidyanchal Building.
The aforesaid evidence corroborates the fact that the appellant was staying on the first floor of the Vidyanchal Building.
A forcible argument was advanced on the part of the respondents demonstrating how by virtue of the impugned Rules, the LDCs, who have not opted to be posted as Data Entry Operators were severely prejudiced and how the restructured cadres have paved way for the junior DEOs to have a march over the other senior employees of the erstwhile ministerial cadre and get fortuitous advantage.
It singularly means that there should be seriousness in patrolling so that the anti-social elements involved in such crimes are discouraged and remain within the boundaries of law thus fearing to even think of taking the law into their own hands.
It singularly means that there should be seriousness in patrolling so that the anti-social elements involved in such crimes are discouraged and remain within the boundaries of law thus fearing to even think of taking the law into their own hands.
The Division Bench of the High Court, vide order dated 04.09.2009, dismissed the said review petition.
All matters received from Administration and other Divisions of DEA.
This prompted the Court to take up IA No.4 filed in this writ petition.
Therefore, in these peculiar circumstances, we hold that the principle of issue estoppel will apply only in those cases where matters have attained finality and no judicial proceedings are pending.
Therefore, accepting affidavit with blank particulars from the candidate will rescind the verdict in Association for Democratic Reforms (supra).
For Africa and India, diversity is our lifeblood; it enriches us and makes us even stronger.
For Africa and India, diversity is our lifeblood; it enriches us and makes us even stronger.
Therefore, subject always to the legislative competence of the taxing authority, the said tax can be levied at a convenient stage so long as the character of the impost, that is, it is a duty on the manufacture or production, is not lost.
Therefore, subject always to the legislative competence of the taxing authority, the said tax can be levied at a convenient stage so long as the character of the impost, that is, it is a duty on the manufacture or production, is not lost.
Both of them entered into the room of appellant, whereupon the complainant handed over one renewal application along with the challan to the appellant.
Respect for human rights is the root for human development and realisation of full potential of each individual, which in turn leads to the augmentation of human resources with progress of the nation.
By admitting that it was a blank signed cheque, the complainant has also created doubt about the actual amount, if any payable by the appellant on the date the cheque was filled and presented.
ESB shall be payable for a period of 124 days initially and may be extended up to 309 days in chronic suitable cases by Regional Dy. Medical Commissioner / Medical Referee / Administrative Medical Officer / Chief Executive of the E. S. I. Scheme in the State or his nominee on the report of the specialist (s).
The police control room was informed by IGP Mr. Suman.
The first appellate court as well as the High Court took note of this as subsequent development and held that the requirement no longer subsists and the claim of personal requirement has disappeared.
When the cheque was presented for demand on 3-10-1994, the same was dishonoured by the bank on 6-10-1994 due to “insufficient funds .
Procedure established by law’ under was, in this view, not capable of being expanded to include the ‘due process of law’.
His conviction has been ultimately set aside by the High Court of Jharkhand vide judgment and order dated 3.8.2012 in Criminal Appeal No.979 of 2009 in which it has been held that there was no mechanism with the Deputy Commissioner to check illegal withdrawal from treasury.
It is clear that on a conjoint reading of these paragraphs this Court found that the machinery provisions contained in the Bombay Sales Tax Act, 1953, were sufficient to reassess a dissolved firm in respect of income that had escaped assessment before its dissolution.
On the same evidence, some accused persons may be acquitted while others may be convicted, depending upon the nature of the offence.
Kalyani Mathivanan did not satisfy the eligibility criteria stipulated by the UGC Regulations of Minimum Qualifications for Appointment of Teachers and other Academic Staff in Universities and Colleges and Measures for the Maintenance of Standards in Higher Education 2010 (hereinafter referred to as the 'UGC Regulations, 2010') for appointment as Vice-Chancellor and non- fulfilment of such eligibility criteria cannot be completely white washed on the specious plea that the University Grants Commission Regulations, 2010 are not mandatory.
The upshot of the above discussion is that with the exception of wheelsets (with axle boxes and couples), substantially all the raw materials required for the construction of the wagons before their use belong to the Company and not to the President/Railway Board.
Position of person in adverse possession: While a person who is in possession of land without title continues in possession, then, before the statutory period has elapsed, he has a transmissible interest in the property which is good against all the world except the rightful owner, but an interest which is liable at any moment to be defeated by the entry of the rightful owner; and, if that person is succeeded in possession by one claiming through him who holds until the expiration of the statutory period, the successor has then as good a right to the possession as if he himself had occupied for the whole period.
Let the respondents-accused be taken into custody forthwith in order to serve out the sentence as awarded against each of them.
Moti Ram testified, that he was present when the prosecutrix VW - PW6, was recovered whilst in custody of the accused-appellant, from the house of Shashi Bhan at Raipur, in district Haridwar.
Finally, E.O. 13685 also prohibits the importation or exportation of goods, services, or technology to or from the Crimea region of Ukraine, as well as new investment in the Crimea region of Ukraine by a United States person, wherever located.
By an order dated 11.07.2005, the three-Judge Bench referred the matter to the Constitution Bench for resolving the conflicting opinions expressed by the co-ordinate Benches.
My neighbour had also asked me to make such statement before the police.
He has placed before us copies of the orders passed by the Additional Director General of [pic]Foreign Trade on 16-8-1993 and also by the Appellate Committee Cell, Ministry of Commerce, Government of India on 13-3- 1997 by which the appeals preferred by the respondents were allowed by the Appellate Committee and the accused-respondents were exonerated.
The Department of Food Processing Industries and Horticulture, Govt. of West Bengal is planning to set up a market complex, exclusively for flowers at Ranaghat.
The Schedule prescribed by the MCI, which had been approved by this Court, is binding on all concerned.
Dr. Hingorani also urged that the Appellant, Susan Anand, was made to retire at the age of 60 while the UGC Notification provided that the age of superannuation would be 62 years.
Having regard to the aforesaid injuries suffered by the appellant in the said accident and the number of days for which the appellant was treated and underwent physical and mental pain and suffering, the High Court enhanced the compensation under this head from Rs.10,000/-, as awarded by the Tribunal, to Rs.25,000/-.
I must, however, stress that while redefining organisational roles and boundaries, all constitutional authorities need to adhere to the fine and calibrated system of checks and balances which forms the bedrock of our governance structures.
Mr. Darius Khambata, learned senior counsel appearing for the appellants (writ petitioner) has mainly argued the following eight points.
But, if the correct legal position is that the remission(s) do not in any way touch or affect the penalty/sentence imposed by a Court, we do not see how the exclusion of benefit of remission can be understood to have the effect of enlarging the period of incarceration of an accused convicted under the or as to how the said provision, i.e., , can have the effect of making a convict undergo a longer period of sentence than what the Act had contemplated at the time of commission of the offence.
Thereafter when the complainant followed up for the payment of the remaining amount with the purchasers, the balance was not paid and, on the contrary, the complainant was threatened of a forcible transfer of the land.
During the period from April 2003 to January 2004 the Appellants had cleared cotton fabrics to the tune of Rs.1,70,12,745/- and cotton made-ups to the tune of Rs.7,82,635/- without paying any duty as according to them the liability was only on the job workers who were the actual manufacturers and that there was no liability on the trader.
Mr. Vinod Bobde, learned senior counsel for Tamil Nadu submits that 2006 judgment had rendered a finding of fact on the safety of Mullaperiyar dam for raising water level to 142 ft. 2006 could not have taken away the legal right of Tamil Nadu flowing from the judgment.
Wazir Ali, aged 27 years, R/o House No.8/3/113, Darusafa Colony, Nalgonda, Hyderabad, was today produced before me on 18th day of June, 2003 at around 7.00 p.m. in the Chamber of S.P.
Although, this plea was specifically taken before the Appellate Authority, the judgment of the Appellate Authority has not analysed the same at all.
It is clear from the decision that if two FIRs pertain to two different incidents/crimes, second FIR is permissible.
The exact nature of levy cannot be marginalised by making a sweeping statement that is a measure of levy and the unit of minerals has been chosen as a rational basis as there is transportation by rope ways by land and by other means.
MyGov is not responsible for the contents of the linked websites and does not necessarily endorse the views expressed in them.
The claim of the Banks that grant of reservation in promotion from Scale-I level onwards would affect efficiency, was also refuted by contending that the officers belonging to SC/ST have been promoted only on the basis of their own merit/performance.
He, therefore, knew and understood the implication of his statement or omission to disclose a vital information.
No sufficient grounds have been even indicated as to why the High Court felt it necessary to do so.
An analysis of the HIV epidemic shows that “the prevalence of HIV infection is highest in women aged 15-24 and peaks in men between five to ten years later.  * '° Black, Maggie, supra note 15, p.11 °° Barua, A., supra note 18, p.54 डा Otoo-Oyortey, Naana and Sonita Pobi, Early Marriage and Poverty: Exploring links for policy and programme development, The Forum on Marriage and the Rights of Women and Girls, London, 2003, p.19 » Barua, A., supra note 18, 9.26 20 Women experience domestic violence from their spouses and their relatives for a variety of reasons.
Before the presumption is raised, it must be established that the woman was subjected by such person to cruelty or harassment and it is not any cruelty that becomes the subject matter of the provision but it is the cruelty or harassment for or in connection with, demand for dowry.
Before the presumption is raised, it must be established that the woman was subjected by such person to cruelty or harassment and it is not any cruelty that becomes the subject matter of the provision but it is the cruelty or harassment for or in connection with, demand for dowry.
It is sufficient if the court merely describes the nature of dispute (in a sentence or two) and makes the reference.
Furthermore, as set Out above, it was explicitly stated that compound interest can be awarded when it is permissible to do so under the statute.
Above all, sunlight is the best disinfectant.
Whenever there is a situation of oligopsony, parallel pricing simplicitor would not lead to the conclusion that there was a concerted practice there has to be other credible and corroborative evidence to show that in an oligopoly a reduction in price would swiftly attract the customers of the other two or three rivals, the effect upon whom would be so devastating that they would have to react by matching the cut.
Dr Abhishek Manu Singhvi, learned Senior Counsel submitted that devotees who undertake a forty one day penance form a denomination or section called “Ayyappaswamis  and the common organisation is the organisation of ‘Ayyappas’.
Through this programme, Governments of the world have pledged to harness the new opportunities of the information age to create equitable societies through better access to information.
In compliance of that resolution, Deputy Chief Engineer of the Corporation sent letter dated 10.8.2009 to the Special Land Acquisition Officer to sanction initiation of the acquisition proceedings.
The candidate should have studied and passed 1st and 2nd years Pre-University Examination or 11th and 12th standard examination within the State of Karnataka from an educational institution run or recognised by the State Government or MBBS/BDS from a professional educational institution located in Karnataka and that either of the parents should have studied in Karnataka for a minimum period of 10 years.
Since the respondent is only a temporary government servant, the power being available under Rule 5(1) of the Rules, it is always open to the competent authority to invoke the said power and terminate the services of the employee instead of conducting the enquiry or to continue in service a government servant accused of defalcation of public money.
The international parental child abduction/child removal finds its root here. * 1.5 International parental child abduction or removal can be defined as the removal of a child by one parent from one country to another without the approval of the other parent.
However, second part is independent of the first part which gives much wider scope to the term 'rent'.
Other than road engineering issues, most of the accidents are caused by the drivers fault.
In Jindal (2), the law was summarized by the Constitutional Bench as under: ‘ is binding upon the Union Legislature and the State Legislatures, but Parliament can get rid of the limitation imposed by by enacting a law under Similarly, a law made by the State Legislature in compliance with the conditions imposed by shall not be hit by thus provides for freedom of inter-State as well as intra-State trade and commerce subject to other provisions of Part XIII and correspondingly it imposes a general limitation on the legislative powers, which is relaxed under the following circumstances: (a) Limitation is relaxed in favour of Parliament under , in which case Parliament can impose restrictions in public interest.
The cost of construction to complete the launched projects, as per NBCC is Rs.6827 crores; whereas the cost as per Amrapali group is Rs.5630 crores.
It is thus clear that does not confer a right to appeal on any party but it confers a discretionary power on the Supreme Court to interfere in suitable cases.
For example, provides that trial should be conducted in open Court.
With regard to the remaining writ petitions, the High Court has awarded compensation to the next of kin of the deceased meaning thereby that more than a prima facie case has been found of a fake encounter or the use of excessive or retaliatory force contrary to the decision of the Constitution Bench of this Court.
These grounds, on the authorities of this Court, too numerous to be cited here, must be held to be vague.
Jagdamba Paper Industries (P) Ltd. (supra), it was observed by this Court that Jagdamba’s case did not decide the issue of payment of interest.
He was obedient worker, but when sacked by the employer on the ground of insubordination, the union decided to go on strike.
Learned counsel representing the petitioners, described the aforesaid assertion as misplaced.
In such circumstances, it is difficult to draw an inference that the appellants had committed the crime.
In such circumstances, it is difficult to draw an inference that the appellants had committed the crime.
It is also well settled that the statements which are not part of the ratio decidendi constitute obiter dicta and are not authoritative.
There is also need to improve teaching and teacher quality at every level, especially schools.
All types of fasteners except high tensile and special type of fasteners are reserved for SSI Sector.
Though the said decision was cited and relied upon by the counsel appearing on behalf of the appellant before the Division Bench of the High Court, the Division Bench thereafter has not at all dealt with and/or considered the same.
Though the said decision was cited and relied upon by the counsel appearing on behalf of the appellant before the Division Bench of the High Court, the Division Bench thereafter has not at all dealt with and/or considered the same.
Providing financial and other assistance for the expansion of area under coconut.
In any event, Chile acknowledged the existence of the Extradition Treaty of 26th January, 1897 but it was not clear as far as the Government of Chile is concerned whether that treaty was binding and in force in India and whether in the context of bilateral treaties, the reference to ‘both countries’ was to Chile and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
Beneficiation may be done in situ in the mine or anywhere else.
During our visit, we were informed that earlier temporary arrangement was made there by way of installation of iron stairs in the occasion of Nagapanchami when lacs of visitors used to visit here.
During our visit, we were informed that earlier temporary arrangement was made there by way of installation of iron stairs in the occasion of Nagapanchami when lacs of visitors used to visit here.
Such grounds may be of a wide range including his health or extreme family factors.
Illegal mining takes within its fold excess extraction of a mineral over the permissible limit even within the mining lease area which is held under lawful authority, if that excess extraction is contrary to the mining scheme, the mining plan, the mining lease or a statutory requirement.
Being aggrieved, the respondent preferred an internal appeal and also a writ petition before the High Court.
It is not possible to accept this submission since the passage of the 99th and the NJAC Act was contemporaneous, if not more or less simultaneous.
In the instant case, the service of the appellant came to an end as per terms of his employment in the specific project job in the Construction Division and after completion of the term of aforesaid employment, the appellant has also taken clearance of his dues.
However, with a view to prevent indiscriminate filling of Paddy Lands in the State, the Government have also prescribed certain restrictions in the Notification dated 5.2.2002 noted (supra), in which District Collectors have been directed interalia to ensure that the conversions which are likely to render irrigation investments infructuous and large scale conversion for commercial purpose are not allowed.
Prasad’s case, this Court came to the conclusion that power under , . to summon a new offender was not vested with the Magistrate on the plain reading of its text as well as proceedings before him not being an ‘inquiry’ and the material before him not being ‘evidence’.
The factual position in Om Prakash Sharma's case (supra) reveals, that the employees whose inter-se seniority dispute arose for consideration, were holding the position of clerks, senior clerks, head clerks and chief clerks in three divisions under the control of the Divisional Electrical Engineer, Jhansi.
Page 112 under clause Sixthly of IPC.
The fort was built by the Kakatiya dynasty in the 13thcentury.
As mentioned earlier, Section 45 of the PMLA imposes two conditions for grant of bail, specified under the said Act.
Imposition of ‘minor measures’ held constitutional in other countries even though not provided in the Constitution: A question has arisen in the U.S and Canada whether in the absence of a constitutional provision permitting imposition of ‘minor measures’, imposition of such measures by a Judicial Council would be constitutionally valid? The federal judiciaries in US and Canada in their judgments have upheld the imposition of such ‘minor measures’ by a Judicial Council (notwithstanding the absence of any express provision therefor in the US or Canadian Federal Constitutions) as part of a general power of the Judiciary for ‘self regulation’.
The Constituent Assembly was conscious of the uneven development in different parts of the country and the need to create a level playing field by removal of trade barriers as well as by affording avenues for economic opportunity and economic equality for less developed parts of the country.
If on the other hand, the evidence be so evenly balanced as to render impracticable a determinate conclusion one way or the other, then the case would be one in which the benefit of the doubt could be given more liberally to the individual, in cases occurring in Field Service/Active Service areas.
That the said Shri B.S. Yambem, Commandant (under suspension) while posted and functioning as Commandant 61 Bn.
While there cannot be any quarrel regarding the aforesaid proposition of law, the relevant issue in the present case did not pertain to laying down the criteria by the Selection Committee de hors the Rules.
The rest of the information has to be excluded.
The aforesaid decisions of this Court though rendered in the context of exercise of the power to award the death sentence, whether the principles laid down, with suitable adaptation and modification, would apply to all ‘lesser’ situations so long the court is confronted with the vexed problem of unraveling the parameters for exercise of the sentencing power is another question that needs to be dealt with.
The Unit was synchronized with the grid at 15.18 hrs on 27th March 2013 after receiving the permission of WRLDC.
The heading of a Section or marginal note may be relied upon to clear any doubt or ambiguity in the interpretation of the provision and to discern the legislative intent.
In the earlier directions by this Court it had been stated that the proceedings should commence within 15 days and that the arbitrator ‘shall try to dispose of the same as expeditiously as possible’.
In the case of Sengol, Charles and K. Kannan, etc.etc.
There are two common forms of bid rigging.
It is submitted that the notification issued for selection of 58 posts of Assistant Engineers on the request of Power Development Department is beyond quota, therefore, the petitioners are seeking quashment of the said notification and adherence of rules.
The factors of malnutrition in India are complex.
It will help the company, negotiate licensing, franchising or other IP - based contractual agreements.
On the issue of doctrine of pleasure Mrs. Suri submitted that exercise of doctrine of pleasure in the absence of any material evidence against the respondent and non-production of relevant records of these officers render the order of termination as illegal and invalid.
Music, in its pure form, is spiritual nourishment for our souls. It is at the core of our cultural and secular heritage. Our classical music, which has its origin in the Vedas, is said to be a gift of God himself; it isNadabrahma, the sound of God, the music that pervades the universe.
In the conventional practice, farmers used to uproot the entire groundnut crop, thus leaving nothing in the soil.
It was urged, however, that apart from the claim which Nirmala has made for herself, the Court has power and is indeed bound under Order 41 Rule 33 Code of Civil Procedure to pass a decree, if on a consideration of the relevant provisions of the deed, this Court comes to the conclusion that the deed operates as an absolute dedication in favour of the two deities.
It was urged, however, that apart from the claim which Nirmala has made for herself, the Court has power and is indeed bound under Order 41 Rule 33 Code of Civil Procedure to pass a decree, if on a consideration of the relevant provisions of the deed, this Court comes to the conclusion that the deed operates as an absolute dedication in favour of the two deities.
Having examined the same, we are satisfied, that the responsibility of jail inmates exclusively rests on the shoulders of the jail staff.
In the mean time, the notification dated 27.1.1994 was issued by Ministry of Environment and Forest, Government of India in exercise of power conferred by , 1986 putting a restriction to the grant of mining lease without the clearance of the State Government in accordance with the procedure specified in the notification.
It was submitted that it would not be possible to pay the minimum wage to persons undertaking famine relief work and to persons affected by drought and scarcity conditions since that would cripple the potential to provide employment to the affected persons.
The argument of the learned Attorney- General was that if an agreement indicated a property out of which a debt is to be paid and an intention to subject it to a charge in praesenti, the court must find the charge.
The Federation of Indo-German Societies in India was established in 1971 to strengthen the existing friendly relations between India and the Federal Republic of Germany.
SRI is a very good way for seed multiplication.
Dear Sonu, We will provide you with all complete documents before 30th.
In my opinion for the purpose of acquiring land in the instant case it was not necessary to have recourse to the provisions contained in Chapter VII of the Act.
A feeble submission was made that the FIR does not even reveal that PW- 2 was injured.
Respondent Company approached appellant seeking permission to cut 7000 cub.ft. of timber.
Fruits and vegetables also provide several non - nutritional factors like fiber and photochemical of vital significance.
UPSC has rendered yeoman service to the nation in providing the foundations of our public administration.
The question whether the act complained of was a cruel act is to be determined from the whole facts and the matrimonial relations between the parties.
The argument has to be accepted as regards petitioners 2 and 3 who were found inside the car only.
The very object of the amendment of by Act 27/2000 is to prohibit alteration of a vehicle as provided including the change of tyres of higher capacity.
Similarly, the state legislature has an enabling power to impose restrictions under clause (b).
Under these circumstances though the attitude of these three big manufacturers gave rise to a suspicion that they formed a cartel but there is not enough of material to conclude that in fact there was such formation of a cartel.
Under these circumstances though the attitude of these three big manufacturers gave rise to a suspicion that they formed a cartel but there is not enough of material to conclude that in fact there was such formation of a cartel.
Another incriminating factor as argued by the counsel for the complainant is that the fingerprints of Accused No. 1 were found upon the tea tumblers found at the scene of the crime.
However, no further communication was issued by the DDA in this regard.
The prohibition against torture shall be absolute and shall be upheld also in a state of war and in other exceptional circumstances (Article 2); (ii) No State party may expel or extradite a person to a State where there are substantial grounds for believing that he would be in danger of being subjected to torture (Article 3); (iii) Each State party shall ensure that acts of torture are serious criminal offences within its legal system (Article 4); (iv) Each State party shall, on certain conditions, take a person suspected of the offence of torture into custody and make a preliminary inquiry into the facts (Article 6); (v) Each State party shall either extradite a person suspected of the offence of torture or submit the case to its own authorities for prosecution (Article 7); (vi) Each State party shall ensure that education and information regarding the prohibition against torture are fully included in the 20 Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, available at: http:/Aegal.un.org/avl/ha/catcidtp/catcidtp.html (visited on 26-10-2017). 21 Tid.
May be it is also for the reason that the defendant No.11 cannot wriggle out of the decision of ETA Group followed by its draft financial statement.
May be it is also for the reason that the defendant No.11 cannot wriggle out of the decision of ETA Group followed by its draft financial statement.
The appellant has, in this connection, relied on Union of India v Popular Construction Company (supra) and Consolidated Engineering Enterprises v Principal Secretary, Irrigation Department (supra) to support its case.
Even the CCI feels aggrieved.
I am confident that our traditional bonds will expand and flourish to our mutual benefit in the years to come.
Mr. Ram Vilas Paswan, the then Union Minister for Railways addressed a letter dated 30.12.1996 to Mr. Bhairon Singh Shekhawat, the then Chief Minister of the State of Rajasthan, indicating the Union Government’s desire, to set up a zonal complex for the North Western Railways, at Jaipur.
Besides, the Airports Authority of India (AAI) is responsible for providing safe and efficient air traffic services; plan, develop, construct and maintain runway, taxiways, terminal buildings, etc.
They have been tried and punished not once but twice and spent over 8 years in custody.
Democratic temper calls for debate and discussion, and not disruption or obstruction.
It may have to be considered along with several other factors.
We had therefore issued notice to the Union of India as also the Law Commission of India and all the State Law Commissions and the Law Secretaries of the States for eliciting their views on the subject.
It was argued that since the death sentence extinguishes, along with life, all the freedoms guaranteed under Article 19(1) (a) to (g), it was an unreasonable denial of these freedoms and not in the interests of the public.
Pointing out to , it was his contention, that the appointment of the Comptroller and Auditor-General of India is made by the President.
The sentence 'Notwithstanding anything contained in this Act all proceedings in respect of a juvenile pending in any Court in any area on date of which this Act came into force' has great significance.
We accordingly, direct that the appellant shall be entitled to receive an amount of Rs. 15 lakhs by way of compensation from the first respondent.
It shall be free from colostrum.
Had the expression 'derived from' been used it could have with some force been contended that a balancing charge arising from the sale of old machinery and buildings cannot be regarded as profits and gains derived from the conduct of the business of generation and distribution of electricity.
It is not permissible unless the findings of the High Court are wholly perverse or against the evidence.
For the sake of arguments, even assuming that PW-1 could not have seen the firing at Ganeshi Bai and Ganga Singh, her evidence is to be accepted to the extent of the occurrence of firing at deceased Phoolwati and child Rinku.
As observed hereinabove, the appellant has no experience of five years ‘as’ Company Secretary, as she was appointed and/or worked as ‘Management Trainee’ or ‘Assistant Company Secretary’.
When the matter is pending for grant of certification, if responsible people in power or public offices comment on the issue of certification pending consideration before the statutory authority, that is a violation of the rule of law.
This is discussed in chapters V and VI of Part HI of the Book ‘Judges on Trial’ (1976) by Prof. Shimon Shetreet.
The Council may prescribe standards of Postgraduate Medical Education for the guidance of Universities, and may advise Universities in the matter of securing uniform standards for Postgraduate Medical Education through out India, and for this purpose the Central Govt.
Your participation in the Third India-Africa Forum Summit, held recently in New Delhi, provided a valuable opportunity to both sides to discuss ways to further strengthen our multi-faceted engagement.
Hence, the submission that the complaint could not have been filed through power of attorney holder must fail.
Hence, the submission that the complaint could not have been filed through power of attorney holder must fail.
The Security Interest (Enforcement) Rules, 2002 (for brevity, ‘the Rules’) framed under the provisions of also require notice upon the borrower or his agent at different stages.
In passing his order of 15th December, 2015 the Deputy Speaker purported to derive his power from the message given by the Governor to the Legislative Assembly on 9th December, 2015 requiring the Deputy Speaker to conduct the proceedings of the House on the resolution for removal of the Speaker.
However, the impugned order passed by the High Court whereby the anticipatory bail order of the Additional Session Judge is cancelled, does not take the matter in such a simplistic manner and, therefore, a detailed discussion on the issue has become imperative.
However, the impugned order passed by the High Court whereby the anticipatory bail order of the Additional Session Judge is cancelled, does not take the matter in such a simplistic manner and, therefore, a detailed discussion on the issue has become imperative.
We have carefully perused the said averments in the claim petition and we are of the opinion that there cannot be any shadow of doubt that the assertions made therein did not meet the requirements of Section 141 of the Act.
If the Central Government felt that the last date for granting renewal of permission was over and there was no justification for extending the time schedule, it could refuse the renewal of permission on that ground.
If the Central Government felt that the last date for granting renewal of permission was over and there was no justification for extending the time schedule, it could refuse the renewal of permission on that ground.
However in our view, the default sentence for non-payment of such fine, ought to be reduced to the level of one month on each of those four counts in respect of the appellant.
During the arguments, the counsel appearing for the appellant invited our attention to the relevant documents to question the observation recorded by the Executive Committee of the MCI and the Hearing Committee.
Otherwise, it need not have been introduced in a section dealing with contents of an election petition nor figured as a proviso to a sub-section which lays down what shall be the contents of an election petition.
The prosecutrix was sent for medical examination and since the incident had taken place within the territorial jurisdiction of Police Station Tighra, therefore, diary along the FIR Ex.P1 was sent to Tighra Police Station.
At this stage, one aspect needs to be mentioned.
P.Ws.1, 6, 7 & 12 have narrated the incident unequivocally and the defence could not derive much in the cross-examination.
As a result, one more competitive entrance test was held for the left-out MBBS seats, under the supervision of the officers of the Government deputed to conduct/process the said examination.
Pavithran (PW.1) immediately informed his brother and requested him to help Praveen, as he may not be spared by the appellant.
Russia is one of the world 's largest oil and gas producers while India is one of the largest consumers.
The major horticulture items are apple, pear, cherry, walnut, almond, peaches, saffron, apricot, strawberry and plum.
The major horticulture items are apple, pear, cherry, walnut, almond, peaches, saffron, apricot, strawberry and plum.
He further submits that the Union of India does not support the activities of the vigilantes.
At present, it is mandatory for companies and firms requiring statutory audit under Section 44AB (External website that opens in a new window) to e - file their Income Tax Returns.
But the same was rightly not believed by the Trial Court.
The second observation of the High Court is that the member selected under the category mentioned in clause (h) must confine his participation only to the Benches dealing with revival and rehabilitation of sick companies and should also be excluded from functioning as a single-Member Bench for any matter.
Accordingly, the case of Pratima Chowdhury was, that transfer of shares by Partha Mukherjee to the name of Pratima Chowdhury, was for a completely different transaction, and had nothing to do with the allowing of the usage and occupation of the flat, by Kalpana Mukherjee and Partha Mukherjee.
Accordingly, the case of Pratima Chowdhury was, that transfer of shares by Partha Mukherjee to the name of Pratima Chowdhury, was for a completely different transaction, and had nothing to do with the allowing of the usage and occupation of the flat, by Kalpana Mukherjee and Partha Mukherjee.
After opening the bags, the mechanic went away.
After opening the bags, the mechanic went away.
Shri Prabhakaran, learned senior counsel, has submitted that the advocates - recommendees were not suitable for appointment as a Judge of the Madras High Court; and the collegium failed to consider the various other eligible and suitable advocates practicing before the Madras High Court having different social backgrounds.
The Court also reminded itself of the “precautionary principle  which mandates that where there are threats of serious and irreversible damage, lack of scientific certainty should not be used as a reason for postponing measures to prevent environmental degradation.
The above position was confirmed by learned counsel representing the SEBI.
In the shoulder, the general appearance, deformity, swelling, atrophy, extent of motion painful or free, will have to be considered, as also any neurological signs.
Such a right implies right to remain neutral as well'.
It was also pointed out by the learned counsel for the appellants, that it is open to the President of India to delegate executive functions vested in the Central Government to the State Government.
However, these appeals were dismissed by the Commissioner and the order of the Commissioner has been upheld by the Customs Excise & Service Tax Appellate Tribunal (CESTAT) by the impugned judgment.
I am pleased to be here today for distributing the Krishi Karman Awards for the year 2011 - 12 to State Governments for exemplary performance in increasing food grain production.
The Act also provides for appointment of a Chief Public Information Officer to deal with requests for information.
It suggests several ways to cope with the problems, especially health - related and emotional, generally faced by the elders.
Each case, it was said, must be judged on its own facts and in its own setting of time and circumstances and it might be that in regard to some economic activities and at some stage of social development, prohibition with a view to State monopoly was the only practical and reasonable manner of regulation.
The standard of conduct is higher than that expected of a layman and also higher than that expected of an advocate.
Recognizing this close relationship the Apex Court in a petition (popularly known as petition for right to food) filed by the PUCL held Central and State Government responsible for providing ICDS services including supplementary nutrition, nutrition and health, education, etc. not only to every child under the age of six but to pregnant women and lactating mothers as well - a clear endorsement of binding relation of mother and child’s health®®.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee inaugurated the first Conference of Women Legislators on the theme ‘The Role of Women Legislators in Nation Building (Mahila Janpratinidhi – Sashakt Bharat Ki Nirmata) today (March 5, 2016) in New Delhi.
He thereafter inquired from PW 30 Bhanji about the details regarding the occurrence.
The circumstances pointed out on behalf of the petitioner, namely, the absconding of many of the accused between May, 2010 and February, 2013 was a very relevant circumstance which gives room for suspicion in the mind of this Court as to the genuineness with which the case of the prosecution was being carried out.
In our view, in the light of the foregoing discussion and the findings recorded, the arguments based on the principle laid down in these decisions cannot be accepted.
In our view, in the light of the foregoing discussion and the findings recorded, the arguments based on the principle laid down in these decisions cannot be accepted.
The poster was noticed by the complainant, a police official during patrolling and the present FIR was registered at his instance.
Being alkaline, these diets help in improving health, purifying the body and rendering it immune to disease.
It ordinarily means, unless otherwise provided for in the statute, that not only he reaches the age of superannuation prescribed therefor, but also becomes entitled to the retiral benefits thereof including pension.
It ordinarily means, unless otherwise provided for in the statute, that not only he reaches the age of superannuation prescribed therefor, but also becomes entitled to the retiral benefits thereof including pension.
It is significant that clause (d) gives a right independent of a partition and its scope should not be restricted by assuming a partition.
To assume or assert that judiciary alone is concerned with the preservation of liberties and does that job well, is an assumption that is dogmatic, bereft of evidentiary basis and historically disproved.
The Trial Court shall take steps for enforcement of this judgment forthwith.
A/ Category-B leases and and leases is likely to exceed 30MMT the production of additional 2.55 MMT from two Mines of NMDC Ltd. and additional 3 MMT from the two Mines of MML will be permissible to be reduced on pro-rata basis and to such an extent that the total production from all the Mining Leases does not exceed the cap; (xiii) additional production of 10MMT will be permissible from the auctioned Category-C and auctioned Dalmia mining leases and subject to the compliance of the prescriptions of the R & R Plans, lease wise permissible MPAP and condition regarding installation of conveyer belt systems and railway sidings dealt with earlier.
In the facts and circumstances of the case, we make no order to as to costs.
It was followed by notification dated February 11, 2011 which prescribes 60% or more marks in TET as pass/qualifying marks.
It regularly creates and updates a comprehensive data base for various segments of the steel industry, and assesses the skill gap and follow-up action points for bridging the gaps.
But consensual sex with four boys at the same time, is just not comprehensible.
Therefore, the Division Bench of the High Court was not at all justified in ordering transfer of the plot to Respondent 1 and that too by ignoring its own finding that the said respondent was a ranked defaulter and the writ petition was filed after a time gap of 13 years without any tangible explanation.
Similarly, a fee for administrative purposes may also be viewed as a part of regulation.
Also, even in case of a process patent for an article of food, medicine or drug, the term of the patent was brought down from fourteen (14) years to five (5) years from the date of sealing of the patent, or seven (7) years from the date of patent whichever was earlier.
Also, even in case of a process patent for an article of food, medicine or drug, the term of the patent was brought down from fourteen (14) years to five (5) years from the date of sealing of the patent, or seven (7) years from the date of patent whichever was earlier.
The said hotel has been constructed on land owned and possessed by the respondent.
Both our nations have reaped rich political and economic dividends from this wise and judicious approach.
Various miscellaneous applications came to be filed in the aforesaid petition.
When they are cross-examined in a hostile and intimidatory manner then the nervousness increases and the truth does not come out.
This is on the principle that if in such a situation the dominant purpose is unlawful then the act itself is unlawful and it is not cured by saying that they had another purpose which was lawful.
If the respondent raises any objection that the arbitration agreement was invalid, the court will consider the said objection before proceeding to appoint an arbitrator.
There are 8 Appeal Courts, jurisdiction of which covers six specific territories.
Muslims must also ponder that at present the entire world wants to know the exact teaching of Islam in respect of relationship of Muslims with others.
We may not agree. But we cannot deny the essential prevalence of multiplicity of opinion.
Such combination of officers and departments ought to be there in all DEIAAS for cohesive and meaningful control, due management and regulation of the entire relevant spectrum.
In my considered opinion also, the agreement in question is essentially a tri-partite agreement between the parties, namely, MTNL, Canara Bank and CANFINA.
In order to oust the jurisdiction of civil court, there must be a specific provision in the Act taking away the jurisdiction of the civil court in respect of those cases also which were validly instituted before the date when protection of became available in respect of the said area/premises/tenancy.
They had then gone to the Welcome Hotel at Panvel.
There was no child out of the said wedlock.
That was a case where the complaint under was filed in a Delhi Court, only because the statutory notice required to be issued under the proviso to was issued from Delhi.
The person verifying shall specify, by reference to the numbered paragraphs of the pleading, what he verifies of his own knowledge and what he verifies upon information received and believed to be true.
DG of Police (Crime), Punjab Chandigarh.
Under Section 123(1)(A) of the RP Act, any “gift, offer or promise  by a candidate or his agent or by any other person, with the object of inducing a person to vote at an election amounts to “bribery , which is a “corrupt practice  under the said section.
The Registrar may, by order, direct that the officer so removed shall be disqualified to hold or to contest election for any office in the society from which he is removed and in any other society for a period not exceeding six years from the date of the order and such officer shall stand disqualified accordingly.
Bio - gas slurry is the cheapest nutrient medium for spirulina culture.
It is observed by the learned Single Judge that all the seven sale deeds were executed on 26. 10. 1999 for different portions of land.
The rules contain specific provisions in regard to the modalities to be followed for the disposal of land.
In TLB Securities also, after briefly discussing the facts, SAT relied on Rakhi Trading to set aside the SEBI order.
I, which led to authorization of payment against 36 fraudulent claims as listed in Encl.
In reply Mr. Shyam Divan, learned senior advocate appearing for some of the respondents used the same background facts to contend that in principle SEBI accepted the proposition that if the same entity had paid fees as a stock broker and it continues to do the same business by converting into a corporate entity then fees paid for the earlier years needed recognition.
It has also been coined as a Complete Chain Link Theory, putting onus on the prosecution to prove beyond reasonable doubt, the chain of events which lead to only one conclusion, namely, the culpability of the accused.
It has also been coined as a Complete Chain Link Theory, putting onus on the prosecution to prove beyond reasonable doubt, the chain of events which lead to only one conclusion, namely, the culpability of the accused.
The Article which was published was intended to bring to light such impropriety by Mr. Y.K. Sabharwal and was not intended at all to undermine or malign the Judiciary of India or any other Judge of the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India or of may other court in India.
To improve connectivity from Kashmir Valley to Kargil - Ladakh region, a tunnel of 6. 5 km has already been approved and another tunnel of 13 km is planned.
Offences punishable with imprisonment of not less than ten years have been kept in one compartment equating them with offences punishable with death or imprisonment for life.
Hearing submissions, this Court vide order dated 30.1.2015 directed the petitioner/prosecutrix to appear before the Chief Judicial Magistrate, Saket Courts, Saket, New Delhi along with her photograph and one person to identify her on 31.1.2015 so that her statement shall be recorded by the Chief Judicial Magistrate, who shall forward the same to this Court.
It now remains to deal with the impugned judgment of the Division Bench.
It is convenient to deal, at the first instance, with the second ground that had prevailed upon the High Court to set aside the orders passed by it on the administrative side.
The filing of false affidavits can therefore at most lead to six months imprisonment and fine, without altering the election verdict or the candidate’s ability to contest future elections. This greatly undermines the very basic value of candidate disclosures — due to the lack of consequences, candidates have little incentive to provide accurate information.
The basis on which the Investigation Team has named the persons in the list was not set out in the list or elsewhere.
He further claimed to be innocent and alleged that he had been falsely implicated.
What was more in question than the conduct of the Governor was the bona fides of the Speaker’s ruling adjourning the Assembly for two months when the Financial Statement and the Budget were on the agenda and time was running out.
But the same would not mean that the State is the sole judge therefore and no judicial review shall lie.
Our future partnership must prioritise co-operation in innovation and research.
The Andhra Pradesh High Court in the impugned judgment, while interpreting of the Court Fees Act, placed reliance on the Division Bench judgment in Lakshminagar Housing Welfare Association (supra), wherein the Bench, as already indicated, placed reliance on the Full Bench judgment of the Madras High Court in Kolachala Kutumba Sastri (supra), though a reference was made to the learned Single Judge Bench judgment in Allam Venkateswara Reddy (supra).
Rajendra Prasad Sah and his mother occupied their portion and became exclusive owner of the suit land, which is described in Schedule 'A' and subject matter of the title suit.
As submitted by the learned Senior counsel for the appellant-Board, the nature of work, duties, responsibilities and initial qualification for recruitment of each post are entirely different as all these posts belong to different cadre.
The Governments and the people of India and New Zealand have, over the years, developed a close and fruitful relationship of friendship and co-operation.
Printed literature: posters, booklets, folders etc.
The appeals filed by Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd. are dismissed.
Gannon Dunkerley, was carrying on business as Engineering Contractors and executing the contracts pertaining to construction of building projects, dams, roads and structural contracts of all kinds.
A cost of Rs.5 lakhs is awarded to the appellant-State Government in respect of these proceedings.
Digitization and the advent of modern technologies do not mean that we lose touch with the grass roots.
In amalgamation two or more companies are fused into one by merger or by taking over by another.
On the contrary, the court considers that the mark mentioned in Ex.P-1 was wrong.
In fact, in Civil Appeal No. 8576 of 2014 which on facts arises out of the Malabar region of Kerala, Clause 36 of the Letters Patent of the Madras High Court would directly apply.
The pair of the chappals of the deceased was lying at a distance.
The pair of the chappals of the deceased was lying at a distance.
Circulars are issued from time to time by the CBDT for effective management of assessment and collection of direct taxes.
As a matter of fact, separate claims seem to have been filed by them before the Reference Court in respect of their own respective share.
Pre - sanction inspections should be carried out in all cases.
We have already dealt with and noticed the extent and nature of the observations made by this Court in Paragraphs 78 and 82 of Ismail Faruqui’s case.
Intimation is sent to them after confirmation.
Hence a tourism Policy had been announced by the Government in order to provide a road - map for the development of tourism in the State.
The squadron has always lived up to its motto of'Siddhirvasti Sahase  which translates into ‘Success Lies in Courage’ and I am sure they will continue to excel in the times to come.
The context of being wholly different, it is obvious that this authority also has no application, given the statutory scheme in the present case.
Contention of the appellant is that it is not liable to pay sewerage cess to the Board as it is not letting out the sewage effluents to the sewage system of the Board but is carrying the effluents in the tanker, lorries and letting it out in the effluent treatment of JETL and thus is not connected with the sewage line of the Board.
Under Art 4, the judgments of commercial courts are given by the Judges sitting in an odd number, at least three.
In addition to the beautiful shallow lagoon on the west that forms an ideal spot for water sports, there is a narrow lagoon on the east.
Chapter XXXV of the Code deals with “Irregular Proceedings , and stipulates certain infringements or irregularities which vitiate proceedings.
Even though it consists of valuable micro and macro nutrients, it has the secondary importance.
Advertisement and publicity was harmful to the cause of the profession so that user relies only on real worth of services.
3.6 Making the above submissions, it is prayed to allow the present Special Leave Petitions.
Confession of the appellant (A-46) revealed that he was in employment of the Memon family, however he had been to Shekhadi landing.
Confession of the appellant (A-46) revealed that he was in employment of the Memon family, however he had been to Shekhadi landing.
Consequently, the prevalence of different rates of sales tax in the states under the , was held not to be determinative of the giving of a preference or making of a discrimination.
So also the second limb of Mr. Mehrotra’s submission is in our opinion without any substance.
There are many things on which employees should receive information, either regularly or when the occasion arises.
The witness has also identified Noor Khan (A-50) in court.
Culpable negligence is acting without consciousness that illegal or mischievous effects will follow, but in circumstances which show that the actor has not exercised the caution incumbent on him, and that if he had, he would have had the consciousness.
The doctrine does not depend on misrepresentation.
I entertained the belief that we all, after July 12, 1993, on the reopening of the Court, if not earlier, would sit together and hold some meaningful meetings, having a free and frank discussion on each and every topic which had engaged our attention, striving for a unanimous decision in this historic matter concerning mainly the institution of the Chief Justice of India, relatable to this Court.
It was submitted that it was not open for the State Government to take a stand at variance with its position before the Kerala High Court in .6 and in contravention of the directions issued therein.
The fact of investment of money taken by him as illegal gratification stood proved by the evidence of Bharat Hiramal Jain (PW- 165) and Deepak Balkrishna Rauth (PW-149) and he could not furnish any satisfactory explanation for such investment.
Management of Devaswoms.- Subject to the provisions of this Part and the rules made thereunder the Board shall manage the properties and affairs of the Devaswoms, both incorporated and unincorporated, as heretofore, and arrange for the conduct of the daily worship and ceremonies and of the festivals in every temple according to its usage.
He attested the same vide endorsement Ext.
Even in other types of offences falling under the Indian Penal Code or other statutes, this phenomenon has reached alarming proportions.
Only such bank guarantee was to be furnished and kept alive.
Kaalu has taken the plea of alibi stating, inter alia, that throughout the evening of 16.12.2012 till late night, he was in the DDA District Park, Hauz Khas, Opposite IIT Gate, New Delhi, watching a musical event organised in connection with Christmas Celebration and that he was never in the bus, Ex.P1, and had not committed any offence with the prosecutrix or with the informant.
As a result, C.C. No.2682 of 2002 on the file of the JMFC-II, Ernakulum is restored to its file for being tried on merits in accordance with law.
SLPs having been dismissed in limine, the appellants are not precluded from raising the issues, which have been sought to be raised in these appeals in this Court.
SLPs having been dismissed in limine, the appellants are not precluded from raising the issues, which have been sought to be raised in these appeals in this Court.
A common charge of conspiracy was framed against all the co- conspirators including the appellants.
A common charge of conspiracy was framed against all the co- conspirators including the appellants.
During the course of hearing, the issue was hotly canvassed in the media.
For the aforesaid reasons, we allow the appeal, set aside the impugned judgment of the High Court and remand the matter to the Chief Judicial Magistrate, Sopore for decision in accordance with law.
As per the petitioner, its college fulfilled all the norms required for increase of intake of students from 50 to 100 seats.
The inadequacy of the civil service to deal with these new problems came to be realised and it became necessary to forge a new instrumentality or administrative device for handling these new problems.
Nor does the fact that the finding of the first appellate Court is upon some documentary evidence make it any the less a finding of fact.
As an illustrationit was suggested that if the dispute was with -ALCI Fourteenth, Report, Vol. 1, Ch.
The father died in 1965, leaving behind him his son and two grandsons, and a credit balance in the account of the firm.
The witness (PW.2) enquired from Javed about the wires and Kala Sabun.
The witness (PW.2) enquired from Javed about the wires and Kala Sabun.
Section 4 of the Act abolishes all village offices on and with effect from the appointed date and sub-section (3) of Section 4 stipulates that subject to the provisions of Sections 5, 6 and 7 land annexed to a village office shall stand resumed and be subject to the payment of land revenue as if it were unalienated land or ryotwari land.
They brought some gold ornaments from their shops.
The prosecution has explained about the delayed arrival of the father.
The mother is in an absolutely different position and that is why the Hindu Law did not provide that even the mother would be disinherited if she remarried.
It is also noteworthy that since 2002, VSNL was a TATA Group Company and accordingly on 28th January, 2008 its name was changed to ‘TATA Communication Limited .
First and foremost, learned counsel for the respondents, referred to the press releases dated 18.11.1997 and 26.11.1997 issued by the Government of India and ‘the Board’, respectively, as also, the public notice dated 18.12.1997 issued by ‘the Board’.
Hence, the Chief Judicial Magistrate looked into the material on record and came to conclusion that there are no sufficient material for taking cognizance against the accused.
Therefore, any amount collected which is not for providing such taxable service could not be brought within the tax net.
By recognising that formal equality of opportunity will be insufficient in fulfilling the transformative goal of the Constitution, these members recognised that the conception of equality of opportunity must recognise and account for existing societal inequalities.
The defendant has been paying service tax of Rs.148/- on the said amount of Rs.1438/- and thus the last paid rent was Rs.1586/- per month.
A public interest litigation (PIL) was filed in the High Court alleging that the land was not needed for public purpose and yet excess land was acquired and had been given to a company.
After so stating, the Court adverted to the facts.
A registered document, therefore, prima facie would be valid in law.
Before I conclude, it is necessary to refer to the findings of SAT on 'tax planning'.
The State Government/U.P. Development Board as well as many land owners have challenged the said Full Bench decision of the High Court.
Aggrieved, the respondent filed Civil First Appeal No. 228 of 2007 before the High Court of Jammu and Kashmir at Srinagar.
It has emerged as one of the most effective instruments of protecting and preserving the cherished freedoms in a constitutional democracy and upholding principles such as separation of powers and rule of law.
Clearly identify the risks your business faces here.
The Trial Court noted as well that A2 to A4 had taken over the management of the companies even without buying the requisite shares and concluded that these entities in fact did not have the trappings of a company.
To complete this kind of investigation, one has to go through other states as well.
Where the fraud has been committed upon a party, the court cannot investigate such a factual issue, and in such an eventuality, a party has the right to get the said judgment or order set aside, by filing an independent suit.
Carry on an unrelenting fight against criminals in protecting railway passengers, passenger area and railway property.
Register the name of domestic help and drivers (External website that opens in a new window) at the nearest police station by filling in the appropriate form.
But the said facts are not fatal to the prosecution case.
Only in such cases which are complicated in nature investigation takes a longer time.
They also confessed that they had pressurized the deceased for returning the money as the money was paid to the passport agent, namely, Bharatbhai, who was introduced by the deceased, in the presence of one Ashokbhai alias Amratbhai.
The Division Bench of the High Court referred the matter to the Full Bench.
The criminalisation of adultery came at a social cost: of disregarding the agency of a woman as a sentient being.
On 7.2.1993, he came to know through Sharif that Dawood Phanse’s (A-14) contraband was about to come.
In the writ petition filed by the manager, learned Single Judge in its judgment dated 23.11.2016 has returned the findings regarding the actual date of closure of the school.
Relaxation of conditions.
When any jurisdiction is shifted from courts to Tribunals, on the ground of pendency and delay in courts, and the jurisdiction so transferred does not involve any technical aspects requiring the assistance of experts, the Tribunals should normally have only judicial members.
The Constitution’s quest for an inclusive governance voiced in the Preamble is not consistent with panchayat being treated merely as a unit of self-government and only as part of directive principle.
The first appellate court allowed the appeal holding that Shri Ram Mandir is a public temple and not a private temple.
But he stated that he had not gone to Manickam’s house as mentioned by these persons.
If for any valid reason the report of the surveyor is not acceptable to the insurer may be for the reason if there are inherent defects, if it is found to be arbitrary, excessive, exaggerated, etc., it must specify cogent reasons, without which it is not free to appoint the second surveyor or surveyors till it gets a report which would satisfy its interest.
Detailed information about the High Court of Madhya Pradesh is provided.
The respondents failed to comply with the order of provisional assessment.
It is, therefore, prayed that cognizance of the aforesaid offences may be taken or the final report may be endorsed to any other appropriate court as deemed fit and thereafter process may be issued to the accused persons for their appearance and to face the trial as per Law.
In that view of the matter, we are of the view that the judgment of this Court relied on by learned senior counsel in the case of Paper Products Ltd. (supra) also would not render any support.
However, even in the derivative segment there is a change of rights in a contract.
The rule of ejusdem generis is restricted to cases where the specific words precede the general words in the language of the statute, and in totality from a singular genus along with the general words.
It has been urged that Dr. Justice Jawad Rahim continues to be a Judicial Member of the NGT and, in fact, was sitting in the Western Bench at Pune on 08.01.2018 when the impugned judgment in review was pronounced by the NGT.
The Constitution Bench had in Milind case noticed the background in which the confusion had prevailed for many years and the fact that appointments and admissions were made for a long time treating “Koshti  as a Scheduled Tribe and directed that such admissions and appointments wherever the same had attained finality will not be affected by the decision taken by this Court .
All the issues were decided in favour of the respondent herein, on the basis of which suit was decreed in her favour declaring that she is the owner in possession of the suit property having perfected her title by way of adverse possession.
When all the States have such provisions to exempt or reduce rates the question of economic war between the States inter se or economic disintegration of the country as such does not arise.
It shall ensure that Amazia shall duly and punctually pay or repay the Amazia Secured Obligations and Rubix shall duly and punctually pay or repay the Rubix Secured Obligations and Rubix Facility Secured Obligations, including but not limited to the Principal Amount under the Amazia OPCD Subscription and Debenture Trust Deed and the Rubix OPCD Subscription and Debenture Trust Deed, respectively and the Facility, together with all interest, liquidated damages, commitment charges, premia on prepayment or on redemption, costs, expenses, and other monies due to (i) the Debenture Holder and the Debenture Trustee and any remuneration and charges that and (ii) the Lender and the Security Trustee and any remuneration and charges that might be payable to the Security Trustee, in accordance with the Facility Agreement and perform and comply with all the other terms, conditions and covenants contained in the OPCD Subscription and Debenture Trust Deeds and the Facility Agreement.
And super iliac spine, underlying thigh bone cut from the back showing beveling from above downwards vide overleaf.
And super iliac spine, underlying thigh bone cut from the back showing beveling from above downwards vide overleaf.
The contents on this Website do not constitute financial or other professional advice.
Shri Lalit further argued that the Reference Court and the High Court committed serious error by not taking into consideration the highest value reflected in the sale deeds Exhibits P4 and P5 for the purpose of determination of compensation.
The siphoning away of huge volumes of money from normal economic growth poses a real danger to the economics and affects the stability of the global market which also empowers corruption organised crime.
The other question also must be considered and that question is whether there was a judicial proceeding pending at the time of the retirement.
It cannot be overlooked, that the escape was made good, by digging the escape tunnel, which measured ninety-four feet in length (with diagonal dimensions of 21' x 21').
Therefore, she is entitled to accompany the petitioner no. 2, who is her husband.
Usually, the projects in which the daily wagers were engaged, having come to an end, their appointment is necessarily terminated for want of work.
Usually, the projects in which the daily wagers were engaged, having come to an end, their appointment is necessarily terminated for want of work.
That the offers and suggestions made in the said letter, be it conditional or unconditional, were unquestionably a price offer, as is evident from the work order dated 3rd September, 2014 issued by the Respondent No. 3 - Corporation.
The Aadhaar (Enrolment and Update) Regulations, 2016 stipulate in Regulation 4, the demographic information which is required for enrolment.
Kalu and accused Vinay, both refused to participate in the TIP proceedings and stated that they had committed a horrible crime.
The Kerala State Transport Corporation runs special buses during the season of pilgrimage.
The petitioners, who were working at the time of filing of the writ petitions shall be permitted to continue to discharge their obligation till their case is reconsidered in accordance with the provisions contained in L.R. Manual after fresh advertisement of the vacancies in the newspaper.
Confession of guilt is an acceptance of one’s sin.
GTD - A Good Till Date (GTD) order is valid till the date specified by the member.
The State of Bihar then has further reiterated that the decision of the Central Government to treat BHALCO as a property of the State of Bihar and direction given vide Letter dated 13.9.2004 to take steps for liquidation of BHALCO is not a correct decision, and that it had written a letter to reconsider the same.
If, in respect of any such person as aforesaid, a question arises whether it is reasonably practicable to hold such inquiry as is referred to in clause (2), the decision thereon of the authority empowered to dismiss or remove such person or to reduce him in rank shall be final.
A single sheet file has been submitted to show that on 17.12.1980 there was a review of the decision taken earlier and it appears from a note typed out without any signature of any authority, that the very Director of the Military Intelligence who proposed action have been a party to the review meeting.
It will, therefore, serve no purpose to resume the proceedings over and again.
The Court is required to see that the larger public interest and the basic concept pertaining to good governance are not thrown to the winds.
A high state of Disaster preparedness is the key to contain loss of life and damage to the property due to any natural disaster.
To initiate prosecution under Cr.P.C too readily that too against the police officials who were conducting the investigation may not be a correct approach.
M.P. Nos.16369-70 of 2016 placing on record certain facts and material.
Kolkata of Rs.1 (One) crore and on furnishing two local sureties each of the like amount to the satisfaction of the Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate Alipore, Kolkata, West Bengal and also subject to the conditions as indicated in the judgment.
Thus, the same was in violation of the statutory provisions of TADA and, the TADA Rules, particularly, as the same was not in compliance with the requirements of sections 15(3)(b) and 15(5) of the TADA Rules.
Thus, the same was in violation of the statutory provisions of TADA and, the TADA Rules, particularly, as the same was not in compliance with the requirements of sections 15(3)(b) and 15(5) of the TADA Rules.
They are generally located in shopping centres.
It is not the case of petitioners that all the institutions in the State have both Deories and Bordeories.
It is not the case of petitioners that all the institutions in the State have both Deories and Bordeories.
The S.L. Arora case (supra) held contrary to the aforementioned principle.
If there is only one answer to this question, as I believe there is, the tragedy and anguish which inflicts must be remedied.
Sonic Soot Blowers have been installed at boiler house for using the kinetic energy of sound waves to avoid soot deposition.
From the definition of purchase value given in 2(j) three aspects are noticeable.
In fact, the Division Bench had wrongly reversed the judgment on the ground that the important facts including documentary evidence that were relied upon by the appellant were not pleaded in the plaint and the plaint was not even amended.
In fact, the Division Bench had wrongly reversed the judgment on the ground that the important facts including documentary evidence that were relied upon by the appellant were not pleaded in the plaint and the plaint was not even amended.
Once the result of the survey undertaken and the boundaries of the leases determined by the Joint Team has been accepted by the Court and the basis of categorization of the mines has been found to be rational and constitutionally permissible it will be difficult for this Court to visualize as to how the Category ‘C’ mines can be allowed to reopen.
The court later rescinded the order on the ground that the material sought to be published did not have prejudicial content.
Contrary international opinion, thinking or practice, even if assumed, does not dictate the legislation of a sovereign nation.
Contrary international opinion, thinking or practice, even if assumed, does not dictate the legislation of a sovereign nation.
The Section requires that the party on whom the burden of proof is laid should have been in a position of active confidence where fraud is alleged, the rule has been clearly established in England that in the case of a stranger equity will not set aside a voluntary deed or donation, however, improvident it may be, if it be free from the imputation of fraud, surprise, undue influence and spontaneously executed or made by the donor with his eyes open.
The Section requires that the party on whom the burden of proof is laid should have been in a position of active confidence where fraud is alleged, the rule has been clearly established in England that in the case of a stranger equity will not set aside a voluntary deed or donation, however, improvident it may be, if it be free from the imputation of fraud, surprise, undue influence and spontaneously executed or made by the donor with his eyes open.
Nothing is an offence which is done in the exercise of the right of private defence .
It appears that after lapse of 40 years, the first respondent purported to have cancelled the sale made in favour of the petitioner’s deceased mother.
It was contended by learned counsel appearing on behalf of Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd. that the retail price or the ceiling price of a formulation could not have been fixed by the Central Government without first fixing the maximum sale price under Paragraph 3 of the DPCO 1995 of the bulk drug utilized in the formulation.
If, on the other hand, there is reason to believe that the Chief Minister no longer commands majority support, it is clearly open to the Governor to take steps to ascertain if it is possible to install another Ministry which is able to command majority support and get the Budget passed.
As a result, Krishnappa sustained severe injuries and collapsed on the ground.
They are trained in making puffed cereals, pulses, groundnuts, which are much sought - after readymade food snacks in the tribal villages.
This problem arises because there is a separate procedure under the Stamp Act, 1899 in section 54 for seeking refund if stamp papers which are already purchased for a purpose are not used.
We have carefully considered the rival contentions advanced by the parties and perused the material on record.
A two day Conference of Directors of National Institutes of Technology convened by Shri Pranab Mukherjee, the President of India in his capacity as Visitor concluded yesterday (October 30, 2014) at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
For, India’s strength lies in her diversity.
If one were to go by the dicta in Badrinath Case, obvious conclusion would be that even if there are adverse remarks in the service career of an employee they would lose there effect, when that employee is given promotion to the higher post and would not be taken into account when the case of that employee for compulsory retirement is taken up for consideration, except only those adverse entries in the confidential reports of that employee which touch upon his integrity.
Rudraksha are the private limited companies in which the abovementioned persons are named as Directors.
No candidate shall claim, or be entitled to revaluation of his answers or disclosure or inspection of the answer books or other documents as these are treated by the Divisional Board as most confidential.
The achievements made in the literacy rates of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes are also significant compared to those in the 1991 Census, i. e. 37. 41 per cent and 29. 41 per cent respectively.
When its object was of improving the Ayurvedic system of medicine only as is apparent from the material on record that at present the said activities had been confined to one room and the changed main activity is an Allopathic system of medicine which was not at all the intendment of the creator of the Trust.
The assessee had assailed the assessment orders as illegal and unauthorised on the ground, inter alia, that it is not engaged in any trading activity and only discharging its statutory functions under the , 1963 and hence, it is not a “dealer  under the Act and cannot be exigible to tax thereunder.
I am delighted to be here today on this occasion to inaugurate the International Seminar titled, 'Recent Trends in Judicial Reforms: A Global Perspective .
Metropolitan Magistrate shall summon the concerned official of Bank with relevant record to prove the aforesaid memos.
It is submitted that the TET examination is a qualifying examination and after writing the examination and after accepting the rules and terms of selection in the first place, the appellants cannot challenge the procedure adopted by the respondent-State and challenge the weightage of marks.
On the facts in the present case, it is clear that this Court has already determined both that the juridical seat of the arbitration is at London and that the arbitration agreement is governed by English law.
The child is an American citizen.
A balance should be maintained in order to change the entire fabric of legal education system in India, keeping in mind the necessity of globalisation.
Settled possession means such possession over the property which has existed for a sufficiently long period of time, and has been acquiesced to by the true owner.
Settled possession means such possession over the property which has existed for a sufficiently long period of time, and has been acquiesced to by the true owner.
Erode sub- District, Erode Registration District was allotted to A. Radhakrishan by Tamil Nadu Housing Board.
Kindly look into the matter of Respondent No. 1 including into intentional mis-declaration of parameters related to commercial mechanism in vogue and has purported to declare the part (de-rated) capacity of 101.38 MW as commercial on the grounds of load restriction by WRLDC and issued suitable directions in the matter.
The doctrine of legitimate expectation has an important place in the developing law of judicial review.
In view of the aforesaid scrutiny and analysis of the evidence on record, we find no substance in this appeal and hence uphold the conviction and sentence imposed on the appellant.
Lastly, in the instant case, the Commissioner as an adjudicating authority has held that there was a value addition of 180%.
Besides, there are plenty of places of tourist interest, with large number of hotels, holiday resorts and other accomodations.
The diary had also contained a suicide note.
For appointment of teachers for teaching Science, Mathematics, Social Studies, languages, Computer Application and Science, each full time graduate teacher will be paid salary for 12 months @ Rs 6000 / - p. m..
Women comprise 48. 5 per cent of our total population and although the overall sex ratio has increased by 7 points during the decade 2001 to 2011, the declining child sex ratio for children of 0 - 6 years of age, is disturbing.
On facts of that case, the Court found that the circumstances were sufficient to conclusively point out to the commission of murder of the deceased by the accused, though the circumstances did not establish offence of causing disappearance of the evidence.
Thus, an individual who has perpetrated the commission of an offence on behalf of a company can be made an accused, along with the company, if there is sufficient evidence of his active role coupled with criminal intent…..
M.S. Jadon (DW-5) has stated that on 25.10.2007, he had recorded an information in Rojnamcha Sanha No. 542 which was lodged by Ramjilal at about 17:30 hours and it was mentioned that it is a non-cognizable offence.
There were in all 20 corporate entities, named in Annexure-I.
The proviso then vide different clauses sets out the pre-conditions for accepting value of the imported goods.
The proviso then vide different clauses sets out the pre-conditions for accepting value of the imported goods.
Mineral exploration activities for iron ores, high grade china clay, bauxite and other minerals will be streamlined and strengthened.
Those persons may not be directly elected from the territorial constituencies in the Panchayat area but nevertheless, are people’s representatives, being elected as Pradhans of the concerned Gram Panchayat within the area of the Panchayat Samiti, or as the Member of the House of Parliament representing the Union Territory.
India is fast emerging as a premier destination for medical tourism.
On the next day, the first appellant approached the complainant with his partner Hasmukhbhai Patel (the third appellant) to purchase the land.
IC Scheme provides financial assistance towards the airfare and space rent of entrepreneurs.
A large number of such offences are neither specifically provided for nor are they adequately penalized.
It is submitted therefore that such a classification is absolutely arbitrary and therefore violative of Articles 14 & 16 of the Constitution of India.
It is submitted therefore that such a classification is absolutely arbitrary and therefore violative of Articles 14 & 16 of the Constitution of India.
Other reliefs can also be given under the omnibus .
In April, while he was shooting at Mauritius, he heard the news of the arrest of Samir and Hanif, on which, he got frightened and requested his friend Yusuf Nulwalla to destroy the weapons.
In the final order passed by this Court on 08.03.2011, this Court has noted in paragraph 11 that the said interim order was complied with and based on the undertaking, all the selected candidates were duly appointed subject to the outcome of the said appeal.
That takes me to the second provision which is under challenge.
It may well happen that after coming to know about the accused going in appeal, the learned Magistrate may try to record a proper judgment which otherwise he may later on do in some other manner.
It may well happen that after coming to know about the accused going in appeal, the learned Magistrate may try to record a proper judgment which otherwise he may later on do in some other manner.
Every country is guided in its actions by its national interests and objectives.
8) In reply, learned senior counsel for the respondents submitted that in the plaint filed by the appellant, a specific case of the labour union colluded with the present respondent was pleaded.
Unless there is such determination of the case on merits, it cannot operate as res judicata in the subsequent proceedings between the parties.
It was argued that the act of the appellant in firing gun shots was not in exercise of right of private defence and the High Court rightly reversed the judgment of the trial court and convicted the appellant under IPC.
The Corporate Guarantee by Duro Felguera cannot supersede the five split-up contracts and the special conditions of contract thereon.
Investing in a stagnant sector / industry may not best serve your interests, unless you identify a market inefficiency that you can exploit.
In his petition Shahzadey Alam stated that he was consumer of electricity connection No.0832782700, having a sanctioned load of 2 KW.
In his petition Shahzadey Alam stated that he was consumer of electricity connection No.0832782700, having a sanctioned load of 2 KW.
If no application is filed for such variation or cancellation within the period of seven days as stated in subsection (2) or if filed, has not been modified within the said period of seven days, the order passed under subsection (1) shall stand extended beyond seven days unless varied or cancelled in an application filed within the seven days or filed after the seven days aforesaid.
China's Overseas Direct Investment has crossed the USD 100 billion mark - we would like more of it to reach India. As you are aware, India, today, presents a promising demographic scenario.
By the said agreement, Government land measuring 4.710 acres was given on lease for a term of 99 years to the Appellant-Corporation for development of infrastructure for small, medium and large industries.
Having dealt with the concept of plinth area and its applicability in the backdrop of the provision, we are required to scan the definition of “building .
Judicial discretion in such a matter, taking into consideration the defaults committed by the appellants-tenants, in my view, was legitimately exercised by the Courts below, by striking out the defence of the appellants-tenants.
Judicial discretion in such a matter, taking into consideration the defaults committed by the appellants-tenants, in my view, was legitimately exercised by the Courts below, by striking out the defence of the appellants-tenants.
Rudolph Kutinho, a mentally challenged person.
This hand-holding by the institutions of the friendly countries to IITs has also given us a model for future.
The suit schedule property was sold to the first Defendant who was given an absolute right to enjoy the property and the income realised therefrom.
Outdated statistics cannot provide accurate parameters for measuring backwardness for the purpose of inclusion in the list of Other Backward Classes.
A Dorab Tata Scholar (1974- 1978), Dr Badwe has been a recipient of several prestigious international and national awards including Padmashree.
It cannot be doubted that in order to promote consistency and certainty in the law laid down by a superior Court, the ideal condition would be that the entire Court should sit in all cases to decide questions of law, and for that reason the Supreme Court of the United States does so.
It cannot be doubted that in order to promote consistency and certainty in the law laid down by a superior Court, the ideal condition would be that the entire Court should sit in all cases to decide questions of law, and for that reason the Supreme Court of the United States does so.
It cannot be doubted that in order to promote consistency and certainty in the law laid down by a superior Court, the ideal condition would be that the entire Court should sit in all cases to decide questions of law, and for that reason the Supreme Court of the United States does so.
The agency supplying the foundation seed should be well established and reputed with capacity to market the commercial seed from the proponent at a fixed price.
He also stated that he did not see Usha Rani on that day.
Since, we have held that enrolment is voluntary in nature, those who specifically refuse to give the consent, they would be allowed to exit from Aadhaar scheme.
Material witnesses considered necessary by the prosecution for unfolding the prosecution story alone need be produced without unnecessary and redundant multiplication of witnesses.
However unlike other pari materia enactments no qualifications are prescribed for appointment of a person as Competent Authority.
There is, therefore, no material on record to show that the Minister had in any manner exceeded his brief and / or deliberately by any act of omission and commission unfairly caused loss to the Government exchequer.
This is clear from the very language of which defines “taxable service  as “any service provided .
A general reading of the existing provisions implies that a person belonging to any one of the categories mentioned in sub-clauses (i) to (iv) of clause (d) of regulation 2 could be presumed to be acting in concert with a person belonging to any other category.
Appointment to the post of the Director of Town Planning, Group-A shall be made by promotion of a suitable person on the basis of strict selection with due regard to seniority, from amongst the persons holding the post of Joint Director of Town Planning in the Directorate, having not less than three years regular service in that post.
In the facts and circumstances of the present case, there can be no manner of doubt that the parties by their conduct and dealings right up to the institution of proceedings by the respondent before the Commission were clear in their understanding that RLNG was not to be included within the term “Natural Gas  under the PPA.
One who violates this unwritten code of conduct does so at his own peril and is described as foolhardy.
The respondents are all sub brokers who are alleged to have synchronized trades in respect of a huge number of shares during the periods in question.
The bomb blast was the outcome of the desire of the God.
In the contemporary context, the media also flashed the decision of withdrawal of SPINE at or about the same time.
In the contemporary context, the media also flashed the decision of withdrawal of SPINE at or about the same time.
On the basis of the oral and documentary evidence of the complainant and accused, the complainant counsel cross-examined D.W.1 and in the cross- examination denied the entire case of the complainant.
Meanwhile, in 1909, the British Government announced certain reforms in the structure of Government in India which are known as Morley-Minto Reforms.
The judgment in Gobind does not contain a clear statement of principle by the Court of the existence of an independent right of privacy or of such a right being an emanation from explicit constitutional guarantees.
Our colleges enrol 87 per cent of the higher education students.
After the appellant had left the hostel, Bimla (PW.8) had gone to bathroom to wash clothes.
These notices were replied to on 19.05.2017, whereby the three Reliance Companies stated that the performance of Ericsson had been inconsistent.
A-16 was present in the training camp in Pakistan when Shahnawaz, Abdul Kadar Qureshi (A-29) and others reached there.
Kazhgam and Mushtaq Ahmad, counsel for appellant - Raza Academy (SLP(C) No.873/2010).
Simply because an employee retires and the relationship of an employee and employer comes to an end would not mean that such a retired employee would not get a particular benefit from the employer if such a benefit is given to other employees.
On the basis of the inspection conducted on 25th/28th November, 2009 by the Junior Engineer of the appellant- Corporation, the first respondent was served with a notice dated 23.03.2010 demanding an amount of Rs.1,97,815/- towards energy charges which escaped billing.
Plaintiffs were paying the monthly installment regularly and same has been paid in the form of electronic clearance system and remaining 9 installments have been paid in the form of cash.
It has been continuously restructuring itself and absorbing newer technologies in order to align itself to the global developments and realize its potentialities.
Mere nomination does not have the effect of conferring on the nominee any beneficial interest on the death of holder.
If the documents on record show that the parties were ad idem, and had actually reached an agreement upon all material terms, then it would be construed to be a binding contract.
If the documents on record show that the parties were ad idem, and had actually reached an agreement upon all material terms, then it would be construed to be a binding contract.
Not merely discriminative tariffs restricting movement of goods which are included in the restrictions and are hit by , but all taxation on commercial intercourse, even imposed as a measure for collection of revenue is so hit.
As noticed above, the decree passed in the year 1967 was in respect of declaration of title and permanent injunction restraining the Respondent-State from interfering with the possession of the suit property of the plaintiff-appellant.
As noticed above, the decree passed in the year 1967 was in respect of declaration of title and permanent injunction restraining the Respondent-State from interfering with the possession of the suit property of the plaintiff-appellant.
And furthermore, the exposition of law declared in the Second Judges case, was reaffirmed by the Third Judges case.
This is more so with neighbours.
Thus, there was all - round discontent and disgust against the British rule, which burst out in a revolt by the 'sepoys' at Meerut whose religious sentiments were offended when they were given new cartridges greased with cow and pig fat, whose covering had to be stripped out by biting with the mouth before using them in rifles.
The contention of counsel for the claimant is that the Tribunal has MAC.
The evidence of PWs- 1, 6 and 7 who were injured eye-witnesses was relied upon by the trial Court.
All points are kept open, including the observations given by the earned Judge regarding ownership/title of the maternal grandmother.
It is true that when there is cogent eye-witness account, the medical evidence recedes in the background.
It is true that when there is cogent eye-witness account, the medical evidence recedes in the background.
This prescription is provided by the delegated legislation, in the form of Rule 8D of the Income Tax Rules, 1962 (for short ‘Rules’) which Rule was inserted w.e.f.
Every constitutional duty must be fulfilled with due care and diligence, otherwise judicial interference is the command of the Constitution for upholding its values.
Explanation to section 32 was omitted relieving thereby a Christian widow of the bar to succeed distributive share of her husband’s estate even if there was a valid contract made to that effect before her marriage.
The said relief has, therefore, to be confined only to the employees concerned in those appeals.
The said relief has, therefore, to be confined only to the employees concerned in those appeals.
Since the policy decision restricted the reservation in promotion to identified Group C and Group D posts, the petitioners have no right to demand reservation in promotion to identified Group A and Group B posts.
It would be difficult, therefore, to say that he was remorseless.
This witness affirmed that on searching the bag of the appellant, charas weighing 7 kg. was detected which was seized, parceled and sealed whereafter NCB form was filled up, sample seal was taken in a separate piece of cloth and the seized contraband was taken in possession and the related memo was signed by him as well as Head Constable, Tain Singh.
The impetus of this decision is what led to a three-Judge Bench order of 08.01.2018, which referred to the judgment of Puttaswamy (supra) and other arguments made by Shri Datar, to refer the correctness of Suresh Kumar Koushal’s case (supra) to a larger Bench.
The majority view in Union Carbide20 in paragraph 83[21] of the Report has reiterated that the prohibitions or limitations or provisions contained in ordinary laws, cannot ipso facto, act as prohibitions or limitations on the constitutional powers under Such prohibitions or limitations in the statutes might embody and reflect the scheme of a particular law, taking into account the nature and status of the authority or the Court on which conferment of powers – limited in some appropriate way – is contemplated.
The linkages between various Parts of the Constitution contribute to the creation of a composite whole.
That, however, does not mean that the Claims Tribunal should remain oblivious to the fact that the claim towards loss of Pay and wages of the deceased has already been or will be compensated by the employer in the form of ex-gratia financial assistance on compassionate grounds under Rule 5 (1).
However, Rule 23 elucidates specified situations where proposals or matters must be essentially submitted to the Lieutenant Governor before issuing orders thereon.
It reads as follows: “Rule 19(24): At any stage of a proceeding, the Court may order to be struck out or amended the whole or any part of an endorsement, pleading, petition or other document on the ground that (a) it discloses no reasonable claim or defence as the case may be, or (b) itis unnecessary, scandalous, frivolous, or vexatious, or (c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial or hearing of the proceeding, or (d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court and may grant judgment or order for the proceedings to be stayed or dismissed and may order the costs of the application to be paid as between solicitor and client.
Once the area of operation of any society is more than one village, Sub rule (8) would come into play and the requirement of the number of constituencies would be equal to the total number of seats, excluding two seats reserved for the categories as provided under section 74 B of the Act.
The correspondence is being made in Hindi with the various offices of the State Governments / Union Territory Administrations and the Central Govt. located in region A and B as well as with the individuals approaching the Ministry to get their personal grievances redressed.
Controversies, primarily, would arise in the cases of compulsory acquisition under the provisions of the Act.
The Government if satisfied with the application mentioned above, may by a Notification in the official Gazette, exempt a manufacturer from fixation of price or compliance with the price already fixed if any for such a bulk drug under the provisions of the said Order.
In view of the aforesaid analysis, the inevitable conclusion is that the appeal is devoid of any substance and deserves to be dismissed and, accordingly, we so direct.
It is not, therefore, desirable to lay down any guidelines as inflexible rules in which the departmental proceedings may or may not be stayed pending trial in criminal case against the delinquent officer.
However, taking into consideration the fact that Home Guards are used during the emergency and for other purposes and at the time of their duty they are empowered with the power of police personnel, we are of the view that the State Government should pay them the duty allowance at such rates, total of which 30 days (a month) comes to minimum of the pay to which the police personnel of State are entitled.
Above being the position, the inevitable conclusion is that Explanation 4 to is clarificatory and not substantive.
In such cases, the court also has a duty to record the fresh grounds which persuade it to take a view different from the one taken in the earlier applications.
There was to be a transformation in the structure of governance.
Sufficient illumination and elucidation flows from such consideration which is available in para 44 of the report which may be very conveniently extracted below.
Mr. A.K. Sanghi learned senior counsel appearing on behalf of the Revenue, countered the aforesaid submission by pointing out that a specific finding was arrived at by the Tribunal, affirming the finding of the quasi-judicial authorities below to the effect that a new product had come into existence as a result of the processes undertaken by the assessee.
Vide order dated 22.07.2011, this Court did not allow them to implead but to act as intervenors in the proceedings.
Before I conclude, I want to share with you this thought of Mahatma Gandhi. I quote: 'A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history .
While regulating such demonstrations in public interest, particular areas can be earmarked.
Insurable interest is not required to be present at the time of taking the policy.
To a great extent the legal position has got crystallised with the rendering of this decision.
The trial Judge found two accused Jit Singh and Teja Singh not guilty, since the case against them was not proved beyond the reasonable doubt.
Therefore, we desist from looking any further into the matter.
Secretary (Inds.) to the Govt. of Himachal Pradesh.
On 01.05.1993, at the instance of Yusuf Nullwala (A-118), Suresh S. Walishetty (PW-680), in the presence of Gangaram B. Sawant (PW-265), prepared the disclosure Panchnama Exh. 1100 and seized one plastic bag of Metro Co. and 57 intact bullets.
The word “shall  is only indicative.
The decision, about the character of a transaction in the context, cannot be based solely on the application of any abstract rule, principle or test and must, in every case, depend upon all the relevant facts and circumstances.
After apprising all the formalities and after satisfying himself that the accused is willing to make a statement voluntarily, he directed the officer concerned for production of the accused on 19.04.1993 after expiry of 48 hours.
The Air Force, according to the Tribunal, did not take into consideration the grounds indicated in the application, and proceeded to reject it on the ground that the officer had already undergone the pre-release course.
The Air Force, according to the Tribunal, did not take into consideration the grounds indicated in the application, and proceeded to reject it on the ground that the officer had already undergone the pre-release course.
There were 175 bricks in one truck, and in the other, there were about 100 bricks and also some boxes.
In the light of the foregoing discussion, the appeal succeeds and is accordingly allowed.
In the light of the foregoing discussion, the appeal succeeds and is accordingly allowed.
Bill, 2014 on 19.12.2014 proposing constitutional amendments to introduce the goods and services tax for conferring concurrent taxing powers on the Union as well as the States including Union territory with Legislature to make laws for levying goods and services tax on every transaction of supply of goods or services or both.
As per the analysis of Aharon Barak[15], two key elements in developing the modern constitutional theory of recognising positive constitutional rights along with its limitations are the notions of democracy and the rule of law.
This direction is made by this Court as a test case to address the Anatomy of Violence and Evil by process of Creation and a step towards Alignment with Nature.
A common thread which runs through them is the requirement of a religious identity, which is fundamental to the character of a religious denomination.
It is not a mode of discharging liability.
There is no evidence or material to arrive at any such conclusive opinion.
For these four years, they in fact took full advantage of their appointment under these Rules and received different service benefits thereunder.
The defendants are residing in her neighbourhood.
The number of candidates contesting each election steadily increased.
For the foregoing reasons, their Lordships answer question(4) in the affirmative.
Speaking on the occasion, the President said that the Asian Pacific Postal Union, an inter-governmental organization of 32 countries of the region is actively working to improve cooperation among member nations in the field of postal services.
However, these members were represented by teams that played competitive cricket.
The second category was that of Shiksha Mitras who were inducted under Central Schemes since 2002.
Primary evidence means, the document itself produced for the inspection of the Court.
Primary evidence means, the document itself produced for the inspection of the Court.
Except the bare denial, nothing has been found to come on record to dislodge the positive proof that has been adduced by the appellant.
Except the bare denial, nothing has been found to come on record to dislodge the positive proof that has been adduced by the appellant.
Under as it then stood a person aggrieved by a decision or order passed by a Superintendent of Customs could appeal to the Collector (Appeals) within three months from the date of communication to him of such decision or order.
Chapter IV of the Rules, 1949 contained the heading “grant of Mining Lease in respect of land in which the minerals belong to Government .
The question which arose for consideration was as to whether there was any sale of goods.
The question which arose for consideration was as to whether there was any sale of goods.
Although, the DM Act has been in force for more than 10 years, the National Disaster Mitigation Fund has not yet been constituted.
MARGIN 1. For regular production line of credit limit, no specific margin is prescribed and limit is to be made available to the farmers as regular Cash Credit facility.
But whether the Magistrate or Judge really was of that opinion can, I think, be gathered from the circumstances when there is no formal certificate.
The contribution that comes through these entities or persons or organizations is extensive.
We are fully conscious of the Appellant’s benevolent GIPAP program for free distribution of GLEEVEC to certain cancer patients.
But to insist that the standard should always be for the writer to see that the adolescent ought not to be brought into contact with sex or that if they read any references to sex in what is written whether that is the dominant theme or not they would be affected, would be to require authors to write books only for the adolescent and not for the adults.
The decree, which the appellant, if successful in the appeal, would obtain, would be absolutely contrary to the decree which has also attained finality between his late brother and the defendants.
It is also open for the accused, who is already on bail and with regard to whom serious offences have been added to apply for bail in respect of new offences added and the Court after applying the mind may either refuse the bail or grant the bail with regard to new offences.
The employer had denied certain benefits and the employee preferred a Writ Petition before the High Court which was allowed by the learned Single Judge.
On all these days I went to Hyderabad in a hired jeep from Amareshwar Camp and I have paid Rs.5000 to Rs.6000 per trip.
All three of them were fond of hunting and, in fact, went together for hunting once.
The prosecution case, briefly stated, is as follows: Balwant Singh and Jaswant Singh are two sons of Sharam Singh (PW 1).
(2) The order aforesaid may provide for the continuation by or against the transferee company of any legal proceedings pending by or against any transferor company and may also contain such consequential, incidental and supplemental provisions as may, in the opinion of the Central Government, be necessary to give effect to the amalgamation.
No one can deny these stark facts and naked truth by adopting an ostrich like attitude completely ignoring the impending danger.
The project is being implemented by ERNET India.
The project is being implemented by ERNET India.
Another sum of INR 129 crore has now come by way of income tax refunds, which can be further adjusted.
It has further noted that the price was all inclusive for supply, erection and installation which were the specific terms of the contract.
On the other hand, Mr. Abhishek Manu Singhvi, the learned senior counsel appearing on behalf of TML contends that the government is free to acquire certain lands keeping in mind a certain entity, and the mere fact that the acquisition of lands has been done keeping that entity in mind will not render the acquisition invalid.
At the stage of final hearing, this Court considered the circumstances and observed that in the facts of the case the Union of India was not justified in raising the bar of limitation against the dues of the appellant.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee attended the 5th convocation of National Institute of Technology, Agartala today (June 21, 2013).
Shabir threatened him not to disclose the fact to anyone.
Shabir threatened him not to disclose the fact to anyone.
The petitioner is directed to initiate the arbitration proceedings within 8 weeks from today.
The President said the people of Nepal are engaged in a historic undertaking - of consolidating the gains of democracy, achieving progress and ensuring that benefits reach each and every citizen.
Based on the revenue records referred and shown to this Court, the inevitable and indisputable conclusion that appears is that the entire 100 acres land leased to the petitioner is not a part of the Lakebed except 13 Bighas 17 Biswas bearing Khasra No.67/317 (8.65 acres).
Based on the revenue records referred and shown to this Court, the inevitable and indisputable conclusion that appears is that the entire 100 acres land leased to the petitioner is not a part of the Lakebed except 13 Bighas 17 Biswas bearing Khasra No.67/317 (8.65 acres).
D. The defence also examined three witnesses.
A penalty of Rs.25 lakhs under Rule 126L(16) of the RULES was also imposed.
Regular wetting and drying of soil results in increased microbial activity in the soil and easy availability of nutrients to the plants.
Shivnarayan had also encroached upon the land of Motilal, as a result of which, he also died.
Thus we have clarified that we have not interfered with the same.
In such a situation, we would not like to dilute the importance and efficacy of a mechanism like the Screening Committee created by the Delhi Police to ensure that persons who are likely to erode its credibility do not enter the police force.
In such a situation, we would not like to dilute the importance and efficacy of a mechanism like the Screening Committee created by the Delhi Police to ensure that persons who are likely to erode its credibility do not enter the police force.
The college has not explained the deficiency of faculty.
It is true that where an assessment of this nature is required to be made, there would be an element of subjectivity, but that subjective view must have some basis – not a mere perception.
The applicant and the AAI shall seek consent of Mr. S.Y. Quraishi, of his acceptance of the aforementioned responsibility.
It is high time that the authorities concerned take serious note of this requirement while dealing with those who destroy public property in the name of strike, hartal or bandh.
There is no evidence that accused Nos.3 and 4 provoked accused Nos.1 and 2 to attack.
There is no evidence that accused Nos.3 and 4 provoked accused Nos.1 and 2 to attack.
In the circumstances, appeal is allowed, the impugned judgment and order passed by the High Court dismissing the suit is set aside and the judgment and decree passed by the first Appellate Court is restored.
Therefore, if in the ultimate tally, a person is found to be the topper in the entire process of selection, the selection of such a candidate does not result in merit being compromised.
The issue before this Court is: (i) whether the assured’s death was due to a bodily injury resulting from an accident caused by outward, violent and visible means; and (ii) whether the injury was proximately caused by the accident.
The occasion for sudden quarrel must not only be sudden but the party assaulted must be on an equal footing in point of defence, at least at the onset.
On 14.10.1987, sub-rules (8) and (9) were inserted in Rule 24A of the Mineral Concession Rules, 1960 (for short ‘the MC Rules’) which deal with renewal of mining leases in Goa, Daman and Diu.
Adequate clinical material as per the Medical Council of India norms is available.
The submission on behalf of the parents association was that the mere giving of an undertaking to abide by the final decision cannot operate as an estoppel preventing challenge to the fee structure as determined by the High Court.
At this juncture, it is necessary to elucidate on one essential aspect.
But it has been denied by the appellants that any such attempt was actually made.
Being of this view the High Court upheld the conviction and reduced the sentence, as has been stated before, to the period already undergone.
Same principles can apply with regard to evidence taken by a Parliamentary Committee.
Central institutes of higher learning like central universities, IITs and NITs have set up innovation clubs and hubs to act as a platform for exchange of thoughts and ideas between students and faculty, and grassroots innovators.
The objective of the Digital India Group is to come out with innovative ideas and practical solutions to realise Hon’ble Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s vision of a digital India.
And if that was not possible, at least a Circuit Bench required to be established at every place where an aggrieved party could avail of his remedy.
If either of them is not granted to the institute, it would not be in a position to commence the relevant academic courses.
The discussion has been wide-ranging and several facets of these concepts have been considered from time to time.
If the inquiry is defective for any reason, the Labour Court would also have to consider for itself on the evidence adduced before it whether the dismissal was justified.
If the inquiry is defective for any reason, the Labour Court would also have to consider for itself on the evidence adduced before it whether the dismissal was justified.
It will also be pertinent to mention that the appellants were not implicated as accused persons in the charge-sheet.
CW5 has called this witness and given the Chandralayout Police Station's C.Mis.238/2013 documents and told this witness to get the xerox of those documents from outside.
The fundamental plea is of financial bias of the two members as they were working in their erstwhile avatars.
I has been provided under Regulation 3 and that covers sub-section (2) of and .
A study conducted by SNDT University, for instance, found that many women performers took up dancing to rehabilitate themselves from exploitative flesh trade.
Arrangement to lack commercial substance.
A bag containing 20 grenades was kept by him (A-41) in the car owned by Sameer (A-53) and a bag containing 3 Rifles, 16 Magazines, 25 hand grenades and 750 bullets was taken by him (A-41).
A bag containing 20 grenades was kept by him (A-41) in the car owned by Sameer (A-53) and a bag containing 3 Rifles, 16 Magazines, 25 hand grenades and 750 bullets was taken by him (A-41).
DNA structure determines human character, behaviour and body characteristics.
The appellants (plaintiffs) are the wife and sons of one A. Radhakrishnan.
On this interpretation, the section is not given any retrospective effect.
Joint and several liability of partners for tax payable by firm.
A single application may be made for registration of a geographical indication for different classes of goods and fee payable thereof shall be in respect of each such class of goods.
An offence of criminal conspiracy is, on the other hand, an independent offence.
Innovating in the areas of education, skill development, and entrepreneurship can enable our youth to emerge as the work force not only for India, but also for the world, as working age populations decline globally.
The above order dated 28.10.1996, came to be assailed by the respondent-plaintiff-Tej Prakash Jarath through Civil Miscellaneous Writ Petition No.1266 of 2001, before the High Court of Uttarakhand at Nainital (hereinafter referred to as `the High Court’).
Insurance Waived. However, Borrower is advised to obtain insurance at his own cost.
It is submitted that after the substitution of even this option is no longer available, it being mandatory for the judicial authority (NCDRC) to refer the parties to arbitration “unless it finds that prima facie no valid arbitration agreement exists .
The application was dismissed by the trial Judge/Special Judge who ordered for framing of charges against him for the aforesaid offences under Order dated 2 nd January, 2018 came to be challenged by the appellant in a writ petition filed under and of Constitution of India read with CrPC which was dismissed by a lucid impugned judgment dated 22 nd November, 2018 which is a subject matter of challenge in the instant appeal.
The High Court has further held that a part of the house or building which can be acquired in the absence of objection in that regard by the owner, would necessarily include the land underneath or appurtenant to such part of the house or building.
The complainant Ram Asra, who was aged about 58 years in 2016 when this FIR was registered, has stated that on 14.9.2016, he was present in his residential house.
Thereafter, disputes arose between the parties due to which the appellant called upon the General Manager, Western Railway to appoint Arbitrators in order to settle the dispute.
The High Court did not accept the contention of the Department that the preparation of copies of documents and bulk of records did not enable the respondents to serve the relied upon documents simultaneously with the orders of detention upon the respondents.
The High Court did not accept the contention of the Department that the preparation of copies of documents and bulk of records did not enable the respondents to serve the relied upon documents simultaneously with the orders of detention upon the respondents.
In numerous provisions, the Constitution has sought to preserve a delicate balance between individual liberty and the need to remedy these histories of injustice founded upon immutable characteristics such as of religion, race, caste and language.
The tenant continues to be so even thereafter.
The only requirement is that in the event of termination either by the procurer or the seller, the seller shall be liable to pay the procurer an amount equivalent to Rs. 10 lakhs per MW of the contracted capacity as liquidated damages.
The Ministries which attract a large number of questions are not usually bunched together.
Therefore, the paramount consideration should have been as is pointed out above, whether there are any chances of the accused person fleeing from justice or reasonable apprehension that the accused person would tamper with the evidence/trial if released on bail.
It would depend on how the obligation is discharged by the establishment.
As such, it is clear that the National Capital Territory of Delhi does not have its own State Public Services.
It is the satisfaction of the Council of Ministers on whose aid and advice the President or the Governor generally exercises all his powers and functions.
It is the satisfaction of the Council of Ministers on whose aid and advice the President or the Governor generally exercises all his powers and functions.
This witness also categorically stated that he did not disclose about the agreement for sale to the appellant/plaintiff and instead had disclosed to her husband that the original defendant was only a tenant in possession of the suit property.
A notice specifying such list shall be exhibited in the prescribed manner on the premises in which the employment is carried on or at the prescribed places in case a person is employed in railways.
The impugned judgment and order is thus set aside and the acquittal of the appellant is restored.
We find that PW 1 has stated that at the time of marriage, gold, silver articles, ornaments, T.V., fridge and several other household articles worth more than Rs.2,50,000/- were given to the appellant and after the marriage, the deceased joined the appellant in his house at Kagaziguda.
Apart from the matters like administration of Prime Minister’s Office, public grievances, PMNRF etc, the issues which are received in PMO for information / comments / orders of Prime Minister originate in some other Ministry / Department, Cabinet Secretariat, State Government and other organization.
On behalf of the assesses it was contended that grant of exemptions and incentives in favour of locally manufactured/produced goods is also one form of insidious discrimination which was impermissible in terms of for such exemptions and incentives had the effect of putting goods from another State at a disadvantage.
Question No.100 was also found to be defective as the choices in the answer key were printed but only partially.
Question No.100 was also found to be defective as the choices in the answer key were printed but only partially.
Basing on the said averment, the learned Trial Judge was satisfied that the complaint is within the prescribed period of limitation.
Feasibility study undertaken to identify country specific need in IT sector and project conceptualization for setting up of IT Centre in Seychelles.
It ensures that every person dealing with immovable property can rely with confidence upon the statements contained in the registers (maintained under the said Act) as a full and complete account of all transactions by which the title to the property may be affected and secure extracts/copies duly certified.
The Government, it appears, was from the very beginning, keen to utilise the services of unemployed Graduate Engineers selected on their merit by the Selection Committee and, therefore, remained steadfast in its efforts for achieving that purpose and in the process going even to the extent of getting them regularised by a legislative measure.
The Government, it appears, was from the very beginning, keen to utilise the services of unemployed Graduate Engineers selected on their merit by the Selection Committee and, therefore, remained steadfast in its efforts for achieving that purpose and in the process going even to the extent of getting them regularised by a legislative measure.
The aided institutions like government institutions discharge public function by way of imparting education to students.
In not doing so and recording the finding on this important aspect of the case against the appellant-Company by the Industrial Court has adversely prejudiced its case.
In not doing so and recording the finding on this important aspect of the case against the appellant-Company by the Industrial Court has adversely prejudiced its case.
The Defendant filed Written Statement that it had transaction with Plaintiff, but has made all prompt payments and no amount was due, and hence, the Suit be dismissed.
CPRI found an equivalence of specifications and not of performance.
The Arbitrator after giving the parties opportunities of hearing and after considering the materials placed on record made and published the award.
This allegation, in our considered view, is inconsequential, with respect to the provisions under which the accused were charged.
Even in the treatise “Constitutional Law of Canada  by Peter W. Hogg, it was observed; if a province invested a tribunal with a jurisdiction of a kind, which ought to properly belong to a superior, district or county Court, then that court/tribunal (created in its place), whatever is its official name, for constitutional purposes has to, while replacing a superior, district or county Court, satisfy the requirements and standards of the substituted court.
On the other hand, the provisions of the Act are diametrically opposite and the restriction in is only at the stage of consideration of matter for anticipatory bail and no such restriction is available while the matter is to be considered for grant of regular bail.
Control of Futures Trading the Forward Contracts (Regulations) Act, 1952 (74 of 1952).
Availability of specialized skilled manpower in the territory is an advantage for the growth of the textile industry.
Brother K. Ramaswamy, J. seems to have taken the view that Indian legislatures (and Governments too) would not prompt themselves to activate in this direction because of political reasons and in this situation, an activist court.
The tax, it was held, was not a fee for administrative purposes, its object being to raise revenue.
According to the order of succession, among the heirs specified in the Schedule those in class I shall take simultaneously in succession and to the exclusion of all other heirs.
Urban poverty is multi-dimensional.
They may master very basic self - care skills and some communication skills.
It was held to be a vital and vigorous doctrine accepted throughout the world, particularly by all socialist countries.
It will be no objection to any such appointment that the arbitrator so appointed is a Government servant that he had to deal with the matters to which this indenture relate and in the course of his duties as such Government servant he has expressed views on all or any of the matters in dispute or difference.
It will be no objection to any such appointment that the arbitrator so appointed is a Government servant that he had to deal with the matters to which this indenture relate and in the course of his duties as such Government servant he has expressed views on all or any of the matters in dispute or difference.
The US court, rightly it is suggested, refused to enforce the award against the US company [Iran Aircraft Ind v Avco Corp. 980 F.2d.
It was also noticed and relied on that according to RBI guidelines, one year investments were not long term in nature and the note by State Bank of India was ambiguous and was beyond the scope of chargesheet.
To bolster his submissions, Mr. Ghosh referred to the Single Bench decision of the Karnataka High Court dated 28th July, 2009, in Writ Petition No. 1016 of 2007, filed by one Shri Y.T. Narendra Babu and other connected Writ Petitions, wherein the facts identical to the facts in these cases were in issue.
He emphasized that the Government never allows anyone to overstay including unauthorized retention of government accommodation by the Ministers and Members of Parliament.
He emphasized that the Government never allows anyone to overstay including unauthorized retention of government accommodation by the Ministers and Members of Parliament.
As the State can carry on a trade or business, such a charge is the normal incident of a trading or business transaction.
Relying upon that it has been observed that equity can only supplement the law, but it cannot supplant or override it.
Relying upon that it has been observed that equity can only supplement the law, but it cannot supplant or override it.
If the State Commission is so approached, the matter shall not be proceeded de novo but from the stage at which it was before the National Commission.
According to RJIL, these companies intentionally ignored the aforesaid request.
On reconsideration of the evidence on record, if the appellate court finds the verdict of acquittal to be perverse or against the settled position of law, it is duly empowered to set aside the same.
Court must scrutinise the pleadings to find out that such plea has been made out before examining whether undue influence was exercised or not.
Political parties play a central role in Indian democracy.
RC8(S)/2017/SC-III/New Delhi on 22.09.2017 itself which is a reproduction of the FIR recorded by the police authorities at Police Station Bhondsi, Gurugram.
The film adopted the agency of ghosts as protectors of the haunted house against builders.
I once again welcome you and your distinguished delegation to India and wish you a comfortable stay.
Rule 3A(3) has been inserted in 2012 to restrict the registration of medical practitioners qualified under the Act to conduct ultrasonography in maximum of two ultrasound facilities within a district only.
Bioavailability, on the other hand, is a pharmacokinetic property.
Bioavailability, on the other hand, is a pharmacokinetic property.
This results in serious health issues, including depression and suicidal tendencies amongst members of this community.47 LGBT persons, and more specifically the MSM, and transgender persons are at a higher risk of contracting HIV as they lack safe spaces to engage in safe-sex practices.
Therefore, in the light of the above conclusions on the issues for consideration, the view taken by the Trial Court was reasonable and probable on the facts of the present case.
Nature has clothed man, amongst other things, with dignity and liberty so that he may be free to do what he will consistent with the freedom of another and to develop his faculties to the fullest measure necessary to live in happiness and peace.
The blanket prohibition on the right to die on pain of penalty, it was pointed out, is not reasonable.
The appellants alleged that D. P. Shukla was hand in gloves with the accused.
We are, therefore, of the considered view that both the trial Court as well as the High Court have correctly appreciated the oral and documentary evidence in this case and correctly recorded the conviction and we are now on sentence.
Strongly refuting this suggestion, he argued that such an interpretation was not only impractical, it would even result in a chaos if day to day administrative work, including the task of constituting the Benches and allocating cases to the Benches, is allowed to be undertaken by the ‘Collegium’.
The Debts Recovery Tribunals concerned, before whom recovery proceedings are initiated, have exclusive jurisdiction in the matter.
In our view, it would be far-fetched to accept that in enacting , the legislature intended to prescribe a uniform rate of tax, prior to 1.4.2006, for goods incorporated in a works contract.
If the defendant has no defence or the defence is illusory or sham or practically moonshine then although ordinarily the plaintiff is entitled to leave to sign judgment, the court may protect the plaintiff by only allowing the defence to proceed if the amount claimed is paid into court or otherwise secured and give leave to the defendant on such condition, and thereby show mercy to the defendant by enabling him to try to prove a defence.
As noted above, CESTAT has decided the case against the appellant on the ground that issue now raised is covered by the judgment of this Court in R.C. Tobacco (supra).
The HDFC Standard Life Insurance Company Ltd. points out that s.38 (7) requires to be amended to make it clear that the conditional assignee does not have the same legal position as the absolute assignee.
It also improves the banking, credit and communication facilities in the area.
In the light of the above consequences of sickness and its growing incidence by size, region and industry followed by its far - reaching adverse socio - economic effects, the Government has been taking many steps and remedial measures in order to tackle this problem in India.
The tribunal further held that appointments which had already been made by the authorities in respect of 190 candidates who had gained experience of more than three years of work of investigation entrusted to them should not be disturbed.
The tribunal further held that appointments which had already been made by the authorities in respect of 190 candidates who had gained experience of more than three years of work of investigation entrusted to them should not be disturbed.
In either of these cases, coal would be transferred from the leader company to the associate company at administratively determined transfer price and not at any free market price or notified price of CIL, as this arrangement is in lieu of giving coal blocks to the associate companies and their taking up captive mining themselves.
Shri Gowda successfully brought about a peaceful solution to the issue.
Further, such a direction is valid only for a period of three months from the date of its issue which can be extended by another three months.
First and foremost, it speaks of the resolution professional seeking information.
Capital punishment has been a subject matter of great social and judicial discussion and catechism.
Capital punishment has been a subject matter of great social and judicial discussion and catechism.
They merely seek their right to equality of not to be criminalized for being who they are.
They merely seek their right to equality of not to be criminalized for being who they are.
For these reasons, therefore, the first contention raised by the Learned Counsel for the appellant is well founded and must prevail.
The total approximate residential space is around 1, 50, 000 sq. ft with all modern amenities.
The RBI will take a final decision on that within a period of two months and forward the opinion to the Secretary General of this Court, who will place it before the Court.
The time taken by the courts till the final verdict is pronounced cannot come to the aid of the accused in canvassing commutation of death sentence to life imprisonment.
Neither the recommendations of the Law Commission nor those of the Malimath Committee have been accepted by the Legislature.
She had not suffered injuries because of broken bangles.
If she had made any hue and cry, that would have been heard by the neighbours of the locality and none was examined by the prosecution.
Thus, the said provision does not make any distinction between an offence punishable under the or one that is punishable under any local or special law.
It is apparent from the evidence that the accused only wanted to indulge in sexual intercourse with her and was under no intention of actually marrying the prosecutrix.
Such rules and regulations can also provide for the reasons and the manner in which a teacher or any other member of the staff can be removed.
The exigencies of the situation require us to sound a clarion call for earnest action to strengthen our inclusive and all-embracing social order which would, in turn, reaffirm the constitutional faith.
The Indian diaspora has responded with contributions in times of need such as wars and natural disasters.
Several other countries enacted similar legislative instruments in 17th and 18th centuries.
Temperatures 29 - 31°C is optimal.
The Institution of Engineers (India) was formed in 1920 in response to a felt need for an institution that would serve the cause of advancement of engineering and technology in India.
Employers can now find the right candidate to fill in vacancies occurring in their organizations and companies in a much simpler manner, as the Department of Employment of some states offer online facilities for the posting of job vacancies and searching the candidate database for suitable resumes.
The grounds were considered by the Labour Court and all of them were substantially decided against the appellant.
The grounds were considered by the Labour Court and all of them were substantially decided against the appellant.
The objective of education is to build citizens who can contribute to the well-being of society.
The submission of Dr. Singhvi is that the absence of IPLA will not nullify the arbitration clause.
The submission of Dr. Singhvi is that the absence of IPLA will not nullify the arbitration clause.
This was more so as apart from , it was submitted that deals with compliance of directions, if any dispute arises with reference to the quality of electricity or safe, secure and integrated operation of the State grid and proviso, which is in reference to construction of a captive generating plant and the maintenance and operation of the same being entitled to open access for the purpose of carrying the electricity from the captive generating plant to the destination of its use, with the proviso making such open access subject to availability of adequate transmission facility to be determined by the Central Transmission Utility or the State Transmission Utility.
We have considered the submissions made by the parties and perused the records.
It is said that there are over a million persons in the world crossing the threshold of 60 years every month.
The instant order shall also dispose of the criminal proceedings against the appellants in G.O. Case No. 252 of 2013, pending before the Judicial Magistrate, First Class, Seraikella, after the penalty amount is deposited by the appellants before the trial Court.
Accordingly, we direct that orders of ban of rat-hole mining will continue, subject to further orders of the Hon’ble Supreme Court.
Water may contain some soluble salts and ingress of water in the matrix of the stone may carry these salts within the stone.
We, however, find that the CEGAT has given two other reasons to deny the relief to the appellant.
We, however, find that the CEGAT has given two other reasons to deny the relief to the appellant.
Learned counsel for PW-2 also adopted the submissions of the learned counsel for the State.
As it is of the NI Act has introduced a deeming fiction of culpability, even though, is still available in case the payee finds it advantageous or convenient to proceed under that provision.
They are graduates.
This provision shall not prevent Union law providing more extensive protection.
Section 27 of the Special Marriage Act, 1954 similarly provides grounds for grant of divorce in the case of a marriage solemnized under the Act.
Only in her testimony before the Court she claimed to have witnessed the occurrence.
After the privacy judgment in Puttaswamy (supra), the right to privacy has been raised to the pedestal of a fundamental right.
It was found that it related back to the A- summary, which is prior to the date, when the applicant retired, more particularly, in the year 2007, when the revision was filed in the High Court.
Thus it can be seen that (4) and (5) of the new Act provide for a different scheme.
The Tribunal shall specify in its award the amount towards compensation, amount towards the costs for restoration of property and exemplary damages separately.
During 2010, for monsoon and post monsoon coverage, a total of 15790 coffee growers were covered with a total premium collection of about Rs. 2 crores, of which 50% would be the Government subsidy component.
He has also given evidence to the effect that there were demands for more dowry from the in-laws' of deceased Saroj.
The Administrator and the Superintendents shall be responsible to assist the Governing Council and the Chairperson to spearhead the proposed developmental activities.
One of the submissions of the petitioner to contend that proportionality test is not fulfilled in the present case is; State did not adopt an alternative and more suitable and least intrusive method of identification, i.e., smart card or other similar devices.
He was drawn to the teachings of Buddha and devoted his life to the conquest of men's heart by the law of duty or piety.
On 14.04.2006, Satyam filed a petition against Venture in Eastern District Court of Michigan (US) seeking to enforce the Award against the Venture.
So it was removed/erased, but I do not agree with the view that Asagarali has written it.
The court has individually heard each and every accused.
The test of a compensatory tax as formulated in Automobile Transport is whether the trade has the use of facilities for the conduct of its business and is required to pay not patently much more than what is required for providing the facilities.
The court can thereafter proceed to make inquiries and it is for this reason that an inquiry has been given to mean something other than the actual trial.
Any deviation from this policy may invite de-recognition of the concerned University by the DEC.
The credit limit will be sanctioned to eligible CCBs to the extent of 100% of their lending programme after due diligence.
FOIS is integrated with other operations modules of CRIS using an Enterprise Application Integration software and with banks and customer legacy system through SOA using web services.
I am confident that the friendly relations between India and the Central African Republic will continue to develop further in the years to come for the mutual benefit of the people of our two countries.
This would again show that version of P.W.4 that prosecutrix had went and told him about the incident, cannot be believed.
Therefore, in such cases to say that merely because the bill of lading is endorsed or the delivery order is issued, the consignor or his agent is absolved of the responsibility for payment (of rates or rent for services rendered w.r.t goods) would result in a situation that the Board would incur expenses without any legal right to recover such amount from the consignor and be driven to litigation for recovering the same from the consignee who did not take delivery of the goods with whom the Board had no contract of bailment and consequently no contractual obligation to pay the ‘rates or rent’.
It is for the courts to decide whether restrictions are reasonable and whether they are in the interest of the particular subject.
The Labour Court, however, did not decide the question as to whether the domestic enquiry is legal and proper.
On 20.09.2017, the Chief Minister of West Bengal has reconstituted the Board of Administrators of the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration and nominated Shri Binoy Tamang as its Chairperson simply because he sided with the State Government.
This clause has been understood in the United States of America as being applicable only to legislation concerning crimes.
The appeal is therefore, allowed.
The appeal is therefore, allowed.
The appeal is therefore, allowed.
It is submitted that having regard to the nature of deficiencies which were beyond the permissible limit, the question of showing any indulgence to the petitioner college did not arise.
To exclude women is derogatory to an equal citizenship.
It lies in 17 degree 46 'to 24 degree 5' North latitude and 80 degree 15 'to 84 degree 20' East longitude.
The first contention advanced at the hands of Mr. P.P. Rao, learned senior counsel for the appellants, was premised on the proposition, that the State Government which had promulgated ‘the 1999 Scheme’, was well within its rights to repeal the same, for good and sufficient reasons.
As (per) MRD records, bed occupancy is under permissible limit as per the MSR.
This Court held that the imposition of penalty by a tax authority is a civil liability, though penal in character.
The appellant applied for bail pending consideration of appeal before the High Court.
Two more AMPC at Delhi & Kolkata have now been approved for installation during the 10 Five - Year Plan.
In a State like India, governed by rule of law, certainty of law declared and the final decision rendered on merits in a lis between the parties by the highest court in the country is of paramount importance.
In a State like India, governed by rule of law, certainty of law declared and the final decision rendered on merits in a lis between the parties by the highest court in the country is of paramount importance.
Alongwith I.A.No.10291 of 2018 the petitioners have referred to certain complaints in paragraph 6 in tabular chart.
But there may be another class of the employees who came before this Court and could not get the interim order but writ petitions were admitted.
The person has to obtain leave of the High Court if he is initiating a proceeding in the High Court or of the District Court if he is initiating a proceeding in any other court.
Also the Director informed us that they are going for construction of more class rooms and will be able to accomplish the requirement in a short while.
According to this witness, the relationship of Mr. Nathu Singh with his sons was strained as they had been endeavouring to take over the possession of his properties.
These safeguards are not for the protection of any Judge individually but are essential for maintaining the dignity and decorum of the courts and for upholding the majesty of law.
These safeguards are not for the protection of any Judge individually but are essential for maintaining the dignity and decorum of the courts and for upholding the majesty of law.
He was killed in a police encounter during the trial.
So far as special leave petitions are concerned, Rule 6 application thereto is in almost identical language as that of Rule 13-A.
The appeal to the aforesaid extent will, therefore, have to be dismissed.
The Endowment Commissioner – Permanent President.
The instructors will get 4000/- consolidated pay per month.
And obviously, when the parties are Muslims, ‘talaq’ includes ‘talaq-e-biddat’.
Dealing with the contention that if such cases are not quashed, recording of genuine adverse remarks against an employee who is a member of SC/ST or passing a legitimate administrative order in discharge of official duties will become difficult and jeopardise the administration, the High Court observed that no public servant or reviewing authority need to apprehend any action by way of false or frivolous prosecution but the penal provisions of the Atrocities Act could not be faulted merely because of possibility of abuse.
Darjeeling Dooars Plantations (Tea) Ltd. by the order passed by the Calcutta High Court on 31.10.1990 in a Company petition.
The entire event was also videographed and the original video recordings were produced as evidence before the High Court.
Finally, learned counsel urged that since this aspect was not examined by the courts below much less in its proper perspective and hence this Court should examine the same and accordingly grant its benefit by altering the sentence.
Finally, learned counsel urged that since this aspect was not examined by the courts below much less in its proper perspective and hence this Court should examine the same and accordingly grant its benefit by altering the sentence.
The crop should not be heaped for drying in the sun as it is reported to result in reduction of oil by about 20 - 25%.
Rafiq Madi, who used to bring the money every time, took the tickets.
The tariff he was charged and the tariff rates in the finance bill are contrary to the approved budget proposals.
In O.S. No.252/1986 which was filed on 5.4.1986, the respondent/plaintiff has come forward with the false plea that the appellant/defendant had been representing to the plaintiff that he had not yet got the sale deed executed in his favour by the Tamil Nadu Housing Board, which is contrary to the averment made in the earlier suit.
The Council of Ministers, therefore, would be rendered incompetent in the event of there being a difference of opinion with respect to such a question, and such a decision taken by the Governor would not be justiciable in any court.
The belief is based on the study of human history and the Constitution of other nations which in turn are products of historical events.
Today, the 5th of September, is the birth anniversary of the former President of India Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, a great philosopher, thinker, scholar and educationist of the country.
Respondent No.4 also relied upon report dated 9.4.2007 prepared by Deputy Director of Mines and Geology who had inspected the site and pleaded that no damage was done to the temple due to mining operations.
The subject matter in the case pertained to a dispute between the petitioner and the respondent no.1 which centered on the demolition and unauthorized construction by the competent authority under the Bombay Municipal Act.
Hence their absence may kindly be considered to offset the faculty and resident deficiency.
We do not have the slightest hesitation in saying that the approach of the High Court is completely erroneous.
The question, however, is not whether the denial of the amount would have caused any major prejudice to the landlord or put the tenant under any financial burden.
The question, however, is not whether the denial of the amount would have caused any major prejudice to the landlord or put the tenant under any financial burden.
The entire amount of the award, including the enhanced amount with interest, as awarded by the tribunal, shall be paid within 4 (four) weeks from the date of providing the account number by the claimant.
We recognize that previous Constitution Benches have been reluctant to quash proceedings on the grounds of delay, and to set time limits to their duration.
We recognize that previous Constitution Benches have been reluctant to quash proceedings on the grounds of delay, and to set time limits to their duration.
If this document is taken into consideration, then market value of the acquired land would come to Rs.60,69,360 per acre.
They represent the multi-hued cultural heritage of our country.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee will dedicate ‘RuPay’ India’s own card payment network to the nation tomorrow (May 8, 2014) at function at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
The instant judgment was rendered by the High Court of Australia.
But to assume from this that the did not intend to alter the law, as expounded by the decisions up to that date, does not follow: In the first place, it is not correct to say that there is a well- understood rule of law prior to the amendment, in the manner stated by the learned Advocate for the respondents.
Therefore, this issue is also decided in favour of the respondents.
Under Section 11(b), the Commission is empowered to conduct examinations, where consider necessary, hold interviews and make selection of candidates for being appointed as such Teachers.
Having reiterated the above position in law we do not see how the same can be said to have been transgressed by the impugned order of the High Court.
No liberty was granted to file a fresh Special Leave Petition thereafter.
Counsel for Madhya Pradesh said that the decision of this Court in Abdul Majid case declared what the existing law has been, and, therefore, the plaintiff could not contend that it was not open to him to ask for arrears of salary in the 1949 suit.
Despite notice, the appellant did not pay any amount, therefore, the respondent instituted a suit against him for recovery of sum of Rs.4,35,250.18 along with interest accrued thereon.
Despite notice, the appellant did not pay any amount, therefore, the respondent instituted a suit against him for recovery of sum of Rs.4,35,250.18 along with interest accrued thereon.
No constituent power can conceivably go higher than the sky-high power conferred by clause (5), for it even empowers the Parliament to “repeal the provisions of this Constitution , that is to say, to abrogate the democracy and substitute for it a totally antithetical form of Government.
The second respondent thereupon filed a protest petition.
The offence is punishable with imprisonment extending to three years and fine.
PW5 also did not give any documentary evidence supporting that the appellants Dinesh, Diwakar and Narender were working as workers for the Congress party and were supporting the rebel candidate namely Sarla Chaudhary for the post of Councillor in the MCD elections for the seat of Mandawali Fazalpur.
In the present case, the appellant before the High Court was none other than the father of the deceased.
The learned ASG, in support of his contentions, places reliance on the case of Jivan Das v. Life Insurance Corporation of India & Anr.[3] to contend that the right to livelihood of licensees cannot be extended to use public property to the best advantage as a commercial venture.
The fifth question is answered in the negative.
The President called upon everyone to give their best to make 2016 a year of growth and transformation.
He carried a pistol along with him.
It would be a permanent Tribunal and a Court of record.
Further, the said license could be terminated at the will of the Review Petitioners- Appellants.
I maintain that the information in the Call Data Record could not be selectively deleted before taking print.
The sentences have been directed to run concurrently.
Other interests included photography and amateur radio.
Manoharan is an able bodied person and is aged about 23 years.
This ratification 1s not a mere matter of form but penetrating analysis is made of the views of the proposed nominee on questions of public importance and sometimes scrutiny has led to withdrawal of nomirations.
There were 7 gunshot wounds whereas 5 bullets were recovered from the body of the deceased.
Strict rules of evidence are not applicable to departmental enquiry proceedings.
The reply relied upon the declaration by Mohan Lal on 23 March 1958 stating that he had no right or interest in the property.
Taking note of these facts, this Court passed the order dated May 10, 2016 directing the trial court to proceed to frame the charges and start the trial on day to day basis.
373. As is manifest from the policy, it enjoined that water should be made available to water deficient areas by transfer from other areas including transfers from one river basin to another based on national perspectives after taking into account the requirements of the areas/basins.
The said list did not contain name of the appellant.
Ms Shenoy has urged that it is impossible that the fauna found by the project proponent through both primary sampling and secondary sources was only limited to animals such as: domestic dog, cat and cattle, common house mouse, rat and mongoose, jackal and the three striped palm squirrel.
Raisaheb Chourasiya (P.W.9) identified both the boys in Court-room also, namely, the appellants.
Raisaheb Chourasiya (P.W.9) identified both the boys in Court-room also, namely, the appellants.
Since, this interpretation is material and significant for deciding specific issues which have been raised in these appeals, we would like to incorporate the portions of the majority judgment which have interpreted these Articles: 176. provides for the administration of Union Territories.
The very objective behind the establishment of the Administrative Tribunals is defeated if all the cases adjudicated by them have to go before the concerned High Courts.
The maxim “generalia specialibus non derogant  would, thus, be applicable in this case.
On dissection the muscles are irregularly lacerated and comminuted fractures of tibia and fibula on the upper third and compound fracture of tibia and fibula at the lower third, the muscles are lacerated and plenty of blood clots present.
For all these reasons, we are firmly of the view that though section 3 (2) may be retained so as to exclude from contempt certain publications, the Explanation below section 3 requires to be modified, so far as clause (B) relating to criminal proceedings is concerned, so as to include the arrest of a person in addition to filing of charge sheet or challan or issue of summons or warrant against the accused.
A religious denomination must necessarily be a new one and new methodology must be provided for a religion.
He is very cunning man.
In a Resolution adopted at the Conference of Presiding Officers, it was recommended that the Government of India should, in the light of the following observations, take urgent and suitable steps in regard to the powers of Governors to summon or prorogue the Legislatures and to dismiss Ministries: That a Governor shall summon or prorogue the Legislature on the advice of the Chief Minister.
In more recent times, Karnataka has emerged as the knowledge and technical capital of the country.
The Institute by names Brilliant Tutorials is famous well known academy and some phone calls made to it are well within the powers of Head Master.
Compensation for death of a patient from medical negligence cannot and should not be compensated simply by using the multiplier method.
Much too often this has now become an accompaniment to retirement.
Whether the vested rights created in favour of the applicants, in the interregnum, when there was purportedly no legal sanction to carry out the investigation against the applicants, renders the said action, and in particular their arrest illegal, without jurisdiction and contrary to law.
They identified the signature of Preet also thereon.
NAC sent the Bill to PM for his observation.
The entitlement of each individual to a dignified existence necessitates constitutional recognition of the principle that an individual possessed of a free and competent mental state is entitled to decide whether or not to accept medical treatment.
Therefore, the plea of non- existence of domestic relationship at present cannot be taken as an exception to entertain the quash petition.
The degree of plasma leakage varies.
The Division Bench, after considering the materials on record, arrived at the finding that the charges against the petitioner under , , and had been proved beyond doubt and upheld the conviction.
It was after reaching the vermicelli factory that PW-10 was taken to the room where the deceased was tied up in chains.
Organised crime cannot be successfully fought without close watch of suspects.
The objective of the project is to develop and deploy Text to Speech system for visually challenged persons with JAWS product (For English) like functionality, which will be an application for benefit of social cause.
Clause (c) thereof is invoked by the petitioner to submit that in the instant case since 'Letter of Intent' had been issued by the State Government to grant a mining lease, the petitioner's application stands protected.
Court expressed its deep concern over the matter and called for Vice Chairman, DDA and Registrar of Cooperative Societies to be present in person in court.
His deposition revealed that on 10.03.1993, the appellant along with other accused persons had entered the Stock Exchange Building for parking the said red coloured Maruti 1000 car.
Accordingly, the committee consisting of Sri Satya Narayan Mishra, District and Sessions Judge, Cuttack, as the Chairman of the Committee and the nominated members held several rounds of meetings to carry out the direction given by the Hon’ble Apex Court in the matter.
As already noticed the High Court has affirmed the conviction and sentence of the accused- appellant.
We may refer in this connection to the observation of Davar, J. in the case of Jamshed ji v. Soonabai and although they were made in a case where the question was whether the bequest of property by a Parsi testator for the purpose of perpetual celebration of ceremonies like Muktad bag, Vyezashni, etc., which are sanctioned by the Zoroastrian religion were valid and charitable gifts, the observations, we think, are quite appropriate for our present purpose.
Pointing out that India became a member of the UN in 1945 even before we attained independence, the President said Indian Armed Forces participate in 10 out of the 16 UN peacekeeping mission with 8000 plus troops and police personnel.
After some time, Shabbir and the other co-accused Salim (A-134), Feroz and the appellant (A-30) started talking about the unloading of the goods to be brought, and after discussing the same for a while, the appellant (A-30) went out to make arrangements for the unloading of the concerned goods.
The Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP) was launched during 1996 - 1997 to give loan assistance to the States to help them complete some of the incomplete major / medium irrigation projects which were at an advanced stage of completion and to create additional irrigation potential in the country.
If the Government is of the opinion that the operation of any of the provisions of this Act causes undue hardship or circumstances exist which render it expedient so to do, it may, subject to such terms and conditions as it may impose, by a general or special order, exempt any class of persons or areas from all or any of the provisions of this Act.
At the same time, it is also necessary to promote development.
Law Commission’s earlier recommendation The Law Commission on an earlier occasion examined the working of s.45 and noted the difficulties faced by claimants in seeking to recover the amount due from the insurer under a life insurance policy.
He is sure that the deliberations of the 7thJoint Commission Meeting would be productive and would help in further strengthening bilateral economic and trade relations between India and Oman.
He is sure that the deliberations of the 7thJoint Commission Meeting would be productive and would help in further strengthening bilateral economic and trade relations between India and Oman.
Explanation.—In computing the period of limitation for the purposes of this sub-section, the time taken in giving an opportunity to the assessee to be re-heard under the proviso to section 129 and any period during which any proceeding under this section is stayed by an order or injunction of any court shall be excluded.
I once again wish all of you on this joyous occasion.
Therefore, the application made by you to the Government under the provisions of section 5 of the Mathadi Act is rejected.
As noted above, industrial township as contemplated by proviso has to be specifically a public notification after consideration of relevant statutory ingredients referred therein.
If and when this happens, what is important to note is that refund shall be made of so much of the anti-dumping duty which has been collected in excess of the final anti-dumping duty so reduced.
If and when this happens, what is important to note is that refund shall be made of so much of the anti-dumping duty which has been collected in excess of the final anti-dumping duty so reduced.
The actual trial of the offence by bringing the accused before the court has still not begun.
Meeting the national goals shall always be a challenge, but we have to address it in a comprehensive and effective manner.
There are also other economic considerations which distinguish stage carriages and public carriers from each other.
In Balakrishan Udayar v. Vasudeva Aiyar 44 I.A. 261, Lord Atkinson has pointed out the difference between a persona designata and a legal tribunal.
The principle of equality, is also fundamental in formulation of any policy by the State and the glimpse of the same can be found in Articles 38, 39, 39A, 43 and 46 embodied in Part IV of the Constitution of India.
The principal Ad hoc Committees are the Select and Joint Committees on Bills.
They form a special class.
Iceland, as the world’s oldest functioning democracy, and India, as the world’s largest democracy, deeply cherish the values of democracy, human rights and personal freedoms and hold similar views on a wide variety of regional and international issues.
Another significant day is 9 April 1985, when the General Assembly of the United Nations adopted a set of guidelines for consumer protection and the Secretary General of the United Nations was authorized to persuade member countries to adopt these guidelines through policy changes or law.
In a quite number of cases, bed-ridden grand-fathers and grand-mothers of the husbands, their sisters living abroad for decades are arrested.
In a quite number of cases, bed-ridden grand-fathers and grand-mothers of the husbands, their sisters living abroad for decades are arrested.
So also, it is the duty of the Courts to keep such factors in mind while deciding the subject matter of allocation of contract by the municipal corporation.
To answer the question posed above, the provisions of the Act, as it exists, may now be noted.
Technology Promotion, Development and Utilization (TDPU) Programme; Technology Development and Innovation Programme (TDIP); Science and Technology (S & T) Policy; National Innovation Act, 2008; etc.
It occupies 2 nd and 3 rd position with respect to area and production of plantation crops.
It would defy common sense to prohibit liquor shops along national highways while permitting them on state highways.
Placing reliance upon Purshis Ex.-41, both the High Court and the First Appellate Court have held that there was no settlement between the parties and there is no other evidence to show that the first respondent-plaintiff has voluntarily surrendered the possession of the suit premises and that the appellant- defendant has taken possession by following due process of law.
Placing reliance upon Purshis Ex.-41, both the High Court and the First Appellate Court have held that there was no settlement between the parties and there is no other evidence to show that the first respondent-plaintiff has voluntarily surrendered the possession of the suit premises and that the appellant- defendant has taken possession by following due process of law.
This future will remain both visible and elusive if we do not discover the ability to continually cleanse ourselves of retrograde habits and social ills.
Shared services can be added on to the core services as and when required, as special common services of the Gateway without affecting the core functionality of the Gateway, thereby providing flexibility and modularity.
Learned counsel for the appellant is right in his submission that the above judgment cannot be held to be laying down any ratio on applicability of Section 357(2) .
The conclusions (ii) to (iv) shall be mutatis mutandis applicable where provisional liquidator has been appointed in respect of the debtor company.
Its content and parameters should be determined in the light of the directive principle contained in article 41 of the Constitution.
SI Jai Singh is the Incharge, Mobile Crime Team.
It being common knowledge that methyl alcohol has deleterious/fatal effect on the human body as also the fact that the employees of the liquor vend could not have prepared spurious alcohol without requisite instructions from the liquor licenses i.e. the appellants that the trial court has come to the conclusion that the charges framed against the appellants had been proved.
The Division Bench of the High Court held that there is no distinction between MPLADS and the Vidhayak Nidhi Scheme since under both the central and the state schemes, the recommended work has to relate to one district or the other within the country.
The term 'brand name or trade name' is qualified by the words 'that is to say'.
The appeal was heard and disposed of by a split verdict of a two Judge Bench of this Court requiring the present reference.
I am confident that the 'Hovering Angels  will continue to grow from strength to strength in the years to come.
The prosecutrix was searched but she was not found and accordingly, the report was lodged.
We accordingly uphold the finding of guilt as against these accused Nos.1,3 and 6 as recorded by the courts below as also the sentence imposed in respect of the offence committed by them.
The appellant in the said case has assailed the judgment of the High Court of Delhi whereby the High Court had allowed the petition filed by the respondent under Section 34 of the Act, challenging the final partial award, whereby the objections raised by the Union of India relating to the arbitrability of the claims made by the petitioner therein in respect of royalties, cess, service tax and CAG audit were rejected.
The witness had noticed the presence of the two because they were both highly intoxicated at the said time.
The witness had noticed the presence of the two because they were both highly intoxicated at the said time.
A proposition to the effect that if a statement of a witness is recorded under , his evidence in Court should be discarded, is not at all warranted.
Further, it is brought to our notice that in Madras Port Trust case the applications were preferred by the Port Trusts of Cochin, Kandla and Calcutta before this Court for intervention.
There is no denying the fact that Section 24 of the SEBI Act is a penal provision of inclusive nature and thus it clearly reflects the legislative intent of a scheduled offence under PMLA.
There is no denying the fact that Section 24 of the SEBI Act is a penal provision of inclusive nature and thus it clearly reflects the legislative intent of a scheduled offence under PMLA.
India and Tanzania have a long tradition of warm and friendly relations.
Thereafter, the Trial Court of Additional Sessions Judge, Rohtak, Haryana issued various non-bailable warrants of arrest against accused Balbir Singh on 08.11.2013, 21.11.2013, 02.01.2014, 12.2.2014, 19.03.2014, 18.04.2014 and 15.05.2014 which were returned unexecuted by PS Kalanaur.
It was suggested that such appointments may be regularised since they were irregular, but not illegal.
It was suggested that such appointments may be regularised since they were irregular, but not illegal.
The petitioners have advanced their argument that IPC impedes the ability of the LGBTs to realize the constitutionally guaranteed right to shelter.
The underlying principle is that by erroneously assuming existence of a jurisdictional fact, a subordinate court or an inferior tribunal cannot confer upon itself jurisdiction which it otherwise does not posses.
It was pointed out that the procedure that has to be followed for change of Master Plan included giving opportunity to the respondents herein to file their objections and raise the issue of ecology and environment and for DTC to put forth its case that the site in question was used as fly-ash purposes since 1960 and on construction of the Bund the area was segregated and, therefore, use of site as Bus Depot was not going to have any impact on the river bed/flood plains.
This model of innovation must pervade our working environment if we are to truly empower people of our nation.
Further, Parliament may not be sitting all the time and the interval that might elapse before the law is again actually amended would prove disastrous.
Order XXI Rule 97 deals with the resistance or obstruction to possession of immovable property, with which we are not concerned.
It means incident, like in the instant case, could reasonably be anticipated.
Usha Chaturvedi, the exact details of the incident and the injuries caused to the prosecutrix have come on record.
That the appellate court is under an obligation to consider and identify the error in the decision of the trial court and then to decide whether the error is gross enough to warrant interference was underlined by this Court in Shyamal Saha (supra).
By consent order dated 20.07.1988, this Court remitted the appeals to the Bombay High Court for their disposal as directed therein.
Learned counsel emphasised that a definite entry is required to be made in the service record latest by 8 months before retirement.
Another milestone in this field has been the launching of the National Automotive Testing and R & D Infrastructure Project (NATRIP) which aims to create core global competencies in automotive sector and facilitate its integration with the world economy.
We invite investors and entrepreneurs from New Zealand to join Indian counterparts in the 'Make in India  initiative of my Government.
It is therefore clear, that there is a complete comity of purpose between the judiciary and the political-executive in the matter of selection and appointment of High Court Judges.
However, PW-35 Mahesh Prasad has stated that he had never met the appellant.
However, PW-35 Mahesh Prasad has stated that he had never met the appellant.
Both the facets of the arguments advanced by the learned counsel appearing for the petitioners have been seriously opposed by Mr. K.K. Venugopal, learned Attorney General for India, Mr. Harish N. Salve, Mr. Gourab Banerji and Mr. Shyam Divan, learned senior counsel appearing for the contesting respondents.
No Head of -the school shall be confirmed without the prior approval of the Director of Education.
The Plant Varieties and Farmers' Right Act, 2001 has been enacted to provide for the establishment of an effective system for protection of plant varieties, the rights of farmers and plant breeders and to encourage the development of new varieties of plants.
They are required to assess the viability of a corporate debtor by taking into account all available information as well as to evaluate all alternative investment opportunities that are available.
It is specifically asserted by the petitioner that in the meeting that took place on 15th December, 2015 objections being raised to the name of Shri Justice Virendra Singh (Retd.) by the Hon'ble Chief Justice of the High Court, the Hon'ble Chief Minister had agreed that his name would be dropped from the panel.
Consent is said to be free if it is not induced by coercion, undue influence, fraud, misrepresentation or mistake.
It was further contended that the prosecution witnesses, who were forest officials and at the time of incident they were equipped with torches has successfully identified the accused-appellants in the court.
These activities of running the Pathological Lab are also contrary to Clause 7 of the conditions mentioned in the Regularisation Certificate dated 11.07.2006 issued by the MCD to the respondent-owners for running of the Pathological Lab in the concerned building.
It is also not necessary that each member of the conspiracy should know all the details of the conspiracy.
Thus, the appellant was entitled for benefits of doubt.
It was not within the knowledge of the Defendant No. 2 that they used to take how much money from Ezaj in respect of the shop.
In this manner if appointment of teachers of secondary schools are done under the new proposed Rules, total amount of Rs.71,00,84,016 (Seventy one crores, eighty four thousand sixteen rupees only) shall be saved.
In this manner if appointment of teachers of secondary schools are done under the new proposed Rules, total amount of Rs.71,00,84,016 (Seventy one crores, eighty four thousand sixteen rupees only) shall be saved.
In our considered view, it would be in the interest of justice and to lessen the burden of this Court in the current scenario, it would be appropriate to request the High Court to look into the grievance of the complainant, if a petition is filed before them inter alia bringing to their notice and knowledge that their orders and directions have been disobeyed.
The respondent has been opposing the move of appellant Board to seek mutation of its title over the property before the Revenue Authority.
The respondent has been opposing the move of appellant Board to seek mutation of its title over the property before the Revenue Authority.
The sons of Mukhtiar Singh i.e. the complainant party, believed that their uncle Gurdial Singh and his sons i.e. the accused party, had encroached upon their land.
He however denied ownership of the currency in question and also stated that he had nothing to do with the briefcase.
The beneficiaries of the SVRS-2004 Scheme sought a review of the judgment predicated on a plea that this Court had incorrectly recorded that persons retiring under the SVRS-2004 Scheme would be given the benefit of five (5) years of extra service for calculation of pension, while actually the same had been specifically excluded.
The Authority should have a full time Member-Secretary of the rank of Secretary to Government of India, and persons of eminence in public life and professionals with acknowledged contributions to society as Members of the Authority.
The Authority should have a full time Member-Secretary of the rank of Secretary to Government of India, and persons of eminence in public life and professionals with acknowledged contributions to society as Members of the Authority.
This form of restraint has manifested itself in the principle of presumption of constitutionality.
Mr. Justice M.B. Shah, a former Judge of Supreme Court of India to enquire into a number of other controversial projects, this scam was excluded therefrom.
Subsequently, the condition of Maha Singh started deteriorating and on the night of 27.05.1999 he was referred to PGI Hospital Rohtak.
On behalf of the revenue, it was urged that the notification in question provided for grant of exemption only on the sale of goods manufactured in the State by a dealer holding valid exemption certificate under Rule 28 of the Rules, subject to the condition that such dealer had not charged tax under the on the sale of goods manufactured by it, and not in respect of the sale of goods by other dealers in the course of inter-state trade.
The appellant along with his wife Thaneswari aged about 32 years and five daughters, namely, Nisha, Lakshmi, Sati, Nandini and Sandhya, aged 15, 14, 13, 8 and 5 years respectively and his mother Kejabai (examined as PW-6 in the trial) was residing in Village Mohandipat, P.S. Arjunda, Chhattisgarh.
On his oral request, the concerned Secretary in the MHRD is impleaded as a party respondent.
Since the cause of death was not ascertained by the medical officers, therefore, vicera was preserved for chemical examination.
Since the cause of death was not ascertained by the medical officers, therefore, vicera was preserved for chemical examination.
As the suit was not filed within three years from that date, it was barred by limitation.
We reiterate that Government is not accountable to the courts for the choice made but Government is accountable to the courts in respect of the lawfulness/legality of its decisions when impugned under the judicial review jurisdiction.
We reiterate that Government is not accountable to the courts for the choice made but Government is accountable to the courts in respect of the lawfulness/legality of its decisions when impugned under the judicial review jurisdiction.
In other words, this Court has clearly held that a sentence for life would enure till the lifetime of the accused as it is not possible to fix a particular period of the prisoner's death and remissions given under the Rules could not be regarded as a substitute for a sentence of transportation for life.
It also relieved the Union Territory of the application of 20% consumptive utility formula while assessing its domestic and industrial water requirements.
This led to the passing of an order by the Revenue suspending the facility of clearing goods of paying the duty every fortnight and interest.
This led to the passing of an order by the Revenue suspending the facility of clearing goods of paying the duty every fortnight and interest.
This Court looked at the factors for awarding death sentence both in the negative as well as in the positive sense.
Reservation in the matter of Direct Recruitment:- (1) 80% of the posts to be filled by direct recruitment any time- (a) in any local cadre under the State Government comprising posts belonging to the category of lower division clerk or a Category equivalent to or lower than that lower division clerk; and (b) in any cadre under a local authority comprising post carrying a scale of pay the minimum of which, or a fixed pay which does not exceed the minimum of the scale of pay or a lower division clerk, shall be reserved in favour of local candidates in relation to the local area in respect of such cadre.
The President advised the Lokayuktas to remember that their duty is not just to indict public functionaries when they are guilty but also to protect them when nothing is found wrong with their conduct and to correct wrong perceptions about them with equal force and earnestness.
As far as the membership of Safdarjung CGHS is concerned, the facts are very similar.
In the present case there are no allegations of mala fides and the appellant consortium has offered better revenue sharing to the employer.
Therefore, in view of the above and keeping the aforesaid principle of proportionality of sentence in mind, this Court is in agreement with the reasoning of the Courts below that the extreme depravity with which the deceased was done to death coupled with the other factors including the position of trust held by the Accused No.1, would tilt the balance between the aggravating and mitigating circumstances greatly against the accused- appellants.
It accorded supremacy to the Presidency of Bengal and the Governor of Bengal was appointed as the Governor-General.
The trial court sentenced the appellant to death.
The trial court sentenced the appellant to death.
Significantly this interpretation by the Tribunal in Sterlite (supra) was not appealed against by the department.
Service of notices on proforma respondents in all these appeals is dispensed with.
It states that - 'A person lawfully invested with the power, and charged with the duty, of taking care of the person and managing the property and rights of another person, who, for defect of age, understanding, or self control, is considered incapable of administering his own affairs.
That would be to rewrite the Constitution to mean that a Bill would be a Money Bill if it contained some provisions which fall under sub-clauses (a) to (g).
Once the project is approved by NABARD, NGO / channel partner is required to execute certain loan documents which include Resolution from their Board / Governing body for availing loan, Acceptance of terms & conditions of sanction, Loan Agreement, Demand Promissory Note, Deed of Hypothecation of assets, Implementation agreement between the agencies if more than two agencies are involved in the project, Collaterals if any available with the channel partners, Assignment of book debts, etc.
From there, she was taken to Veppankulam village to seek the advise of an astrologer (PW8).
This Act also finds mention in the PC Jain Commission Report (Appendix D).
The same shall not be parted with unless so ordered by this Court.
The picture that therefore emerges on a reading of is that the State has no business to expropriate from a citizen his property if an award has been made and the necessary steps to complete acquisition have not been taken for a period of five years or more.
By now, sixteen years have passed by, and as such, there can be no surviving claim for compassionate appointment.
Therefore, according to the view expressed by the Arbitrator, the covered garage space, must be deemed to have never been transferred to Kalpana Mukherje by its erstwhile owner.
Therefore, according to the view expressed by the Arbitrator, the covered garage space, must be deemed to have never been transferred to Kalpana Mukherje by its erstwhile owner.
IPC declares an assembly of five or more persons to be an 'unlawful assembly' if the common object of such assembly is to achieve any one of the five objects enumerated in the said section.
Then came texts such as the Upanishads.
My government is working to preserve the Panchatirthas, the five sites of Dr. Ambedkar's legacy.
It is noticeable that though in it is stated that there shall be a Council of Ministers with the Prime Minister at the head to aid and advise the President in the exercise of his functions, there is no provision in comparable to that the aid and advice is except in so far as he is required to exercise his functions or any of them in his discretion.
FACT: The clouding of the lens is a natural part of the aging process and can not be avoided.
For this purpose, he was given treatment in private hospital but no improvement was found and, therefore, he was taken to Ayurvedic Hospital on 26.04.2000 for treatment.
Among them, 6 responses are from the State Governments, 8 are from police officers, 2 are from Judges and 6 are from others.
Pollution of the safer is evidenced by the colour of the water which in most of the rivers and streams in the mining area varies from brownish to reddish orange.
It is true that the Government cannot amend or supersede statutory Rules by administrative instruction, but if the Rules are silent on any particular point, the Government can fill-up the gap and supplement the rule and issue instructions not inconsistent with the Rules already framed.
We have to be guarded, lest we find our conscience traversing into every nook and corner of religious practices, and ‘personal law’.
The High Court should have addressed the issues and should have passed orders on the main reliefs.
The third principle recognised that divergences, both in underlying theories of sentencing and in the length of prescribed prison terms, is inevitable, because of the federal structure.
It is only where both Judges are not available (due to the reasons mentioned above) the applications for review will have to be placed before some other Bench as there is no alternative.
These emails have already been noticed in the earlier part of this judgment.
These emails have already been noticed in the earlier part of this judgment.
No.1to 3 to take a final decision regarding re-routing/re-alignment of the 220/132 KV Mendhasal – Bidanasi over head line within a stipulate time after completion of the profile survey by the petitioner.
It needs the presence of three factors, firstly, harmonious balance of personality, secondly, the absence of restraint upon the exercise of that affirmation and thirdly, organization of opportunities for the exercise of a continuous initiative.
In the instant case, equitable right of allotment of some land other than which was purchased out of some other properties allotted to the share of vendor Hamid Ali Khan, D-1 has not been claimed in the objections filed during the final decree proceedings filed by the purchasers.
It is submitted that in fact it was the case on behalf of the Management right from the beginning and even before the learned Tribunal that, in the facts and circumstances of the case, Section 18 of the Act shall not applicable at all.
It is submitted that in fact it was the case on behalf of the Management right from the beginning and even before the learned Tribunal that, in the facts and circumstances of the case, Section 18 of the Act shall not applicable at all.
Obviously, intimation has been sent to the Registrar of Firms only after the institution and service of the present Election Petition, having realised the seriousness of the allegation.
Energy conservation also implies the substitution of costly imported energy by cheap energy.
They are not intended to operate as hard and fast rules or be applied as a straitjacket formula.
Not only does it disrupt the marital tie between man and woman, but it has severe psychological and other repercussions on the children from such marriage.
It is true, when feelings run high and there is personal cause for enmity, that here is a tendency to drag in an innocent person against whom a witness has a grudge along with the guilty, but foundation must be laid for such a criticism and the mere fact of relationship far from being a foundation is often a sure guarantee of truth .
It is a settled legal proposition that the evidence of closely related witnesses is required to be carefully scrutinised and appreciated before any conclusion is made to rest upon it, regarding the convict/accused in a given case.
There is no doubt whatsoever that under , the Magistrate takes possession of the asset and “forwards  such asset to the secured creditor.
On issuance of certificate of recovery, the exclusive jurisdiction has been conferred upon the Recovery Officer in regard to its execution.
In order to achieve this objective in a focused manner, it is necessary to evolve a multi - pronged strategy to be implemented in a time - bound and effective manner.
Not to do so on the ground of lack of power would be manifest injustice.
He said that lack of good governance has been identified as the root cause of many of the serious deficiencies in society.
Needs 50% less labour.
Needs 50% less labour.
The appellant had caused burn injuries on the thighs of Gowramma to compel her to bring more dowry.
The appellant had caused burn injuries on the thighs of Gowramma to compel her to bring more dowry.
The registration number of original application has to be used for reference.
No question of title either of the plaintiff or of the defendant can be raised or gone into in that case (under of the Specific Relief Act).
As we have already noticed, in Sandvik case (supra) this Court was considering the issue whether an assessee who is made to wait for refund of interest for decades be compensated for the great prejudice caused to it due to the delay in its payment after the lapse of statutory period.
The case is clearly distinguishable since the judgment of this Court adverted to the position which was laid down in a judgment of the Delhi High Court that the “crucial date  for calculating conversion charges has to be the date of the receipt of the application for conversion.
The factual matrix as noticeable is that the assessing authority has allowed the exemption on sale of polished granite stones on the foundation that the same is produced from out of granite slabs that had suffered tax as rough granite blocks.
To meet these goals, we have to enable science, research and innovation to play a leading role.
We find substance in the submission of the learned senior counsel for the appellants that if the lands were not left so abandoned by the father of respondents-plaintiffs, it would not have been possible for the Pawaidar to auction the lease of the suit lands and grant lease of the lands in favour of Gaya Din.
We find substance in the submission of the learned senior counsel for the appellants that if the lands were not left so abandoned by the father of respondents-plaintiffs, it would not have been possible for the Pawaidar to auction the lease of the suit lands and grant lease of the lands in favour of Gaya Din.
While the consumer products of technical nature are generally sold through retailers.
Having due regard for the reasons contained in the body of this judgment, we find no error in the judgment of the High Court.
It was noted that Susme was required to submit agreements with 70% of the slum dwellers.
We are not sure whether there is any principle which inhibits the Court from striking down an unconstitutional part of a legislative action which may have the tendency to enlarge the width and coverage of the measure.
We are not sure whether there is any principle which inhibits the Court from striking down an unconstitutional part of a legislative action which may have the tendency to enlarge the width and coverage of the measure.
This Court is conscious of the requirement to follow the precedents, as well as its obligation, to give effect to the legislative mandate.
If the Bank is satisfied for the purpose of enabling it to regulate the credit system of the country to its advantage it is necessary so to do, it may— (a) require financial institutions either generally or any group of financial institutions or financial institution in particular, to furnish to the Bank in such form, at such intervals and within such time, such statements, information or particulars relating to the business of such financial institutions or institution, as may be specified by the Bank by general or special order; (b) give to such institutions either generally or to any such institution in particular, directions relating to the conduct of business by them or by it as financial institutions or institution.
In Texas, the provision is similar but with a further condition that such litigations must have been ‘determined by a trial or appellate Court to be frivolous or groundless under the State or federal laws or rules of procedure’.
It is noteworthy that the High Court had not taken steps calculated to secure the presence of the Appellant before it.
For the very same reason, the arguments of the learned counsel that any course to be conducted in the appellant University should be Vedic centric cannot also be countenanced.
For the very same reason, the arguments of the learned counsel that any course to be conducted in the appellant University should be Vedic centric cannot also be countenanced.
Necessarily it means that the District Court of that place and not otherwise.
It may not have, in that case, interfered with the primacy of the judiciary in appointment of judges which is the mandate of the Constitution.
The Government is simultaneously making efforts in all these directions.
Therefore, all the aforementioned factors could not have resulted in further reduction of the sentence as awarded by the Trial Court.
Therefore, all the aforementioned factors could not have resulted in further reduction of the sentence as awarded by the Trial Court.
The keynote of Tagore 's Talks in China in 1924 emphasized the necessity of the two Asian neighbours to strengthen bonds across culture and together strive for the welfare of its citizens rather than look for material greed or power.
The information given therein is on monthly basis and mostly in the forof maps.
A single registration is sufficient even when an assessee is providing more than one taxable services.
When transformation does not take place.
The professional excellence, grit and determination exhibited by them over the past few decades is highly laudable.
On 23 October 2009, the appellant furnished its suggestions.
Even if it were so, international law would not give Mysore the right claimed.
Money may be borrowed for short - term and long - term i. e. to finance fixed assets as well as current assets.
Once the challan has been filed, the question of grant of bail has to be considered and decided only with reference to the merits of the case under the provisions relating to grant of bail to an accused after the filing of the challan.
Once the challan has been filed, the question of grant of bail has to be considered and decided only with reference to the merits of the case under the provisions relating to grant of bail to an accused after the filing of the challan.
The essence of the rules, as seen earlier, is that a member of the armed forces is presumed to be in sound physical and mental condition at the time of his entry into service if there is no note or record to the contrary made at the time of such entry.
The said order was neither varied nor vacated.
They were in Delhi as part of a national integration programme organized by the Assam Rifles.
The bill was passed by 186 votes to 1. It was a momentous occasion.
Only then, there will be an effective consultation and the views expressed by the RBI will be a relevant material for deciding whether the elected Board be superseded or not.
Only then, there will be an effective consultation and the views expressed by the RBI will be a relevant material for deciding whether the elected Board be superseded or not.
All individuals in the age group of 5 yrs. to 65 years.
The fundamental right to form an association cannot in this manner be coupled with the fundamental right to carry on any trade or business.
After the said incident the informant and others took victim by auto rickshaw in Ghati Hospital and the informant was there in the hospital till 10.45 p.m.
For the purpose of aiding the court in bringing about such reconciliation, the court may, if the parties so desire or if the court thinks it just and proper so to do, adjourn the proceedings for a reasonable period not exceeding fifteen days and refer the matter to any person named by the parties in this behalf or to any person nominated by the court if the parties fail to name any person, with directions to report to the court as to whether reconciliation can be and has been effected and the court shall in disposing of the proceeding have due regard to the report.
In the case of .[1], it was held that power to condone the delay in approaching the Court has been conferred upon the Courts to enable them to do substantial justice to parties by disposing the cases on merit.
The respondent Kalinga Institute of Medical Sciences (for short KIMS) is a recognized medical college.
The Reserve Bank has cautioned members of public not to fall prey to spurious offers made by the fake website.
It is the contention of Mr. Colin Gonsalves that when the impugned judgment was passed by the Bombay High Court, Allahabad Bank1 held the field and based on that the High Court issued guidelines to the DRT.
The Committee is headed by a retired High Court Judge, and comprises various domain experts from different fields with necessary expertise.
Investment Credit Department has also opened a window for direct lending by way of Co - financing under Section 30 of NABARD Act 1981 for projects involving sunrise technology / national priorities / thrust - areas like agro processing / large outlays / long gestation period / long repayment period.
The Rights to Education, Employment and Food Security are the core of this development strategy.
The Tribunal parted with the observation that the Union of Territory of Puducherry was, thus, interested only in the allotment of its share of water in the Cauvery basin being at the tail end among the riparian States.
Thus it can be said that the common thread in Part XIII is the achievement of economic unity and parity which does not altogether preclude differentiation for justifiable and rational reasons wherever necessary.
The matter was then heard on sentence.
It is believed, that the practice of ‘Sati’ relates back to the 1st century B.C..
Rajya Sabha may return a Money Bill transmitted to it with or without recommendations.
Similarly the B.S.F. also has not only retained Shri Surinder Singh but had promoted him up to his present rank of Second in Command.
This witness claimed that when he visited the house of the accused, he heard the accused asking the deceased as to why the sum of Rs.10,000/- was not brought by her.
This witness claimed that when he visited the house of the accused, he heard the accused asking the deceased as to why the sum of Rs.10,000/- was not brought by her.
From the date of their regularization, they were in any case, being paid salary in the scales applicable to regular Class-IV employees.
The court can only examine the grounds disclosed by the Government in order to see whether they are relevant to the object which the legislation has in view, that is, to prevent the detenu from engaging in smuggling activity.
Very few people in India and abroad are aware of the rich repository of art available within Rashtrapati Bhavan.
In the case of [11],the High Court of Madras held as under: “Men who are employed to work in factories and elsewhere are human beings, not machines.
Statutory creations they are, and therefore, subject to statutory limitation.
Statutory creations they are, and therefore, subject to statutory limitation.
In the revenue record, one Raja Ram has been shown to be the owner of the land, the Forest Department cannot claim any title or interest therein.
There are several other factors, which govern the determination of the rate.
The High Court concerned or the subordinate court as the case may be, shall undertake the exercise of recruitment on a regular basis at least once a year for existing vacancies or vacancies that are likely to occur within the said period, so that the vacancies are filled up timely, and thereby avoiding any inconvenience or shortage of staff as it will also control the menace of ad hocism.
Involvement of respondent herein was also unearthed on the basis of the said confessional statement.
The Constitution of India has left it to the wisdom of the State Legislature.
It will reform the Public Distribution System, incorporating best practices from the States.
As per the Consumer Protection Act 1986, Government of Kerala has set up the Kerala State Consumer Dispute Redressal Commission and 14 District Fora.
Nothing in the Constitution warrants a rejection of these expert conclusions.
Fixation of finished HSRP on the vehicle using Snap Lock and fixing of third sticker on the wind screen for 4-wheeled vehicles.
He agreed with the President that the two countries can do much better on trade and said Russia would be happy to enhance cooperation in various fields, including energy and defence.
Where, V2= Variation in price on account of general variation of prices of all materials other than specifically provided in Sub-Clause 70.5 hereinafter.
One of the extradition treaties mentioned by the Hon’ble Member was in existence an Extradition Treaty with Chile.
We are, thus, of the opinion that by accepting Parliamentary Committee Report on the record in this case and considering the Report by this Court, the respondents' right to dispel conclusions and findings in the Report are not taken away and they are free to prove their case in accordance with law.
Further, it was stated that the opposition filed by respondent No.4 on 19.1.2004 was clearly beyond time as it was not filed within three months from the relevant date, which is 6.1.2004, and it was thereafter pleaded that the show cause notice be withdrawn.
In an order passed on 7th February, 2013 the learned Additional Solicitor General and the learned Amicus submitted that the main reason for this Court issuing various orders is to ensure that the provisions for the rights of children as well as provisions for proper facilities to children in education as also health are implemented.
Women with incompetent cervix typically present with 'silent' cervical dilation (i. e., with minimal uterine contractions) between 16 and 18 weeks of gestation.
The judgment and order of sentence passed by the trial court and confirmed by the High Court are found to be appropriate.
While the victim deposes thereafter in chief or cross-examination, he will not be seeing the accused in the screen in his room any longer.
Her presence in the house at the dead of night cannot be doubted.
M/s A.R. Enterprises, i.e. the assessee were recovered, that indicated non-disclosure of income by the latter.
It is a discretion which is to be exercised according to law.
Hari Singh has two brothers, namely, Sohan Lal (accused - since dead) and Bhoop Singh.
It rendered the appellant-RIICO totally insignificant and irrelevant without realising that the appellant-RIICO had autonomous functioning, and the interpretation given by the High Court has devastating effect underlying its status, authority and autonomous functioning.
It rendered the appellant-RIICO totally insignificant and irrelevant without realising that the appellant-RIICO had autonomous functioning, and the interpretation given by the High Court has devastating effect underlying its status, authority and autonomous functioning.
In view of the above discussion, the following propositions emerge, meant to serve as guidelines.
Thereafter the matter has remained pending in this Court for about eight years.
The application was dismissed and the matter was taken to the Supreme Court of Canada which held that prohibition of Section 241(b) which fulfils the government's objective of protecting the vulnerable, is grounded in the State interest in protecting life and reflects the policy of the State that human life should not be depreciated by allowing life to be taken.
Taking us through the impugned judgment and other materials on record, the learned counsel appearing for the State submitted that the conviction of the appellants is based upon the evidence of eye witnesses Santosh Rai (PW-2), Devendra Rai (PW-3) and Kamal (PW-13) which is corroborated by the medical evidence and FSL Report and the conviction of the appellants-accused does not warrant any interference.
The report was accepted by the High Court and on the basis thereof the Government was directed to hold a departmental inquiry against the officials for use of excessive force in bringing the situation in the jail under control.
Mr. Jayant Bhushan, however, joins issue and submits that the substance of the accusation clearly indicates that the two accused were in-charge and responsible for the conduct of the business of the company at the time of the offence.
Mr. Jayant Bhushan, however, joins issue and submits that the substance of the accusation clearly indicates that the two accused were in-charge and responsible for the conduct of the business of the company at the time of the offence.
I call upon you, the young technologists, that instead of looking for job opportunities, you may aim to become entrepreneurs, who create job opportunities for people.
The power of Rajya Sabha in respect of such a Bill is limited.
Jayaswal Neco Ltd. was allocated Moitra block in place of Jogeshwar and Choritand-Tilaya, already allocated to them.
This Court, it was pointed out, had clarified that the observations recorded in paragraph 149 in the Samsher Singh case11, were merely in the nature of an obiter.
On or before that date, it shall ensure implementation of the mine closure plan to the satisfaction of the concerned authorities in the State of Haryana.
The appellant (A-42) was guilty for the offence of conspiracy to commit terrorist acts i.e. part of charge from charge firstly, punishable under Section 3(3) TADA, and on the said count, the appellant was convicted and sentenced to suffer rigorous imprisonment for 10 years, and was ordered to pay a fine of Rs.50,000/-, and in default of payment of fine, was ordered to suffer further RI for a period of one year.
In view of the averments made in the applications we are satisfied that delay has been sufficiently explained and considering the facts and circumstances of the case, gravamen of matter and also the divergent views taken by the same Judge of the High Court in the same case vis a vis different accused persons on same question, we consider it our duty not to throw away petition on the ground of delay.
Armed with this order, the Magistrate reached the hospital and recorded the statement of the deceased.
Mr. Kapoor contended that having regard to certain plots which were auctioned by the Municipal Committee before acquiring the lands in question, the average rate in respect of various plots was Rs.30,000/- per marla and Rs.6,00,000/- per kanal, which would mean that the value of the land would be Rs.48,00,000/- per acre.
Hence, the trial court directed separate trial against him.
Your Excellency, the close ties between India and Maldives are steeped in tradition.
Khangchendzonga (High Altitude) National Park extends from the cold deserts of Lhonak Valley and the ridges of Lachen in the North District to the historical place at Yuksom.
The provisions of the Ordinance would enable banks and financial institutions to realise long-term assets, manage problem of liquidity, asset liability mismatches and improve recovery by exercising powers to take possession of securities, sell them and reduce nonperforming assets by adopting measures for recovery or reconstruction.
The provisions of the Ordinance would enable banks and financial institutions to realise long-term assets, manage problem of liquidity, asset liability mismatches and improve recovery by exercising powers to take possession of securities, sell them and reduce nonperforming assets by adopting measures for recovery or reconstruction.
With effect from such date as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, appoint, there shall be established a Corporation called the Life Insurance Corporation of India.
The case law discussed above falls into four neat categories.
Furthermore, Regulation 2 of the Voluntary Retirement Scheme, 2001 of the appellant Bank merely prescribes a period of qualifying service for an employee to be eligible to apply for voluntary retirement.
His wife and children were on the first floor.
No doubt about it that the CBI ought to have acted with more circumspection and ought to have followed the CBI Manual.
The end- use is the supply of coal to Bellary Thermal Power Station (in Karnataka) which is supplying 1000 MW power to the State grid.
The present appeal pertains to the land situated at Vadodra in the name of Gayatrinagar Cooperative Housing Society Limited (group of five societies).
In his individual messages to the other winners, the President said, 'This is a great achievement and you have done India proud'.
Regulations, 2003 (PFUTP Regulations).
In fact, this has led to closure of a large number of mines.
In the meanwhile, the Division Bench of the Gujarat High Court in the case of [3], went into the case once again with regard to the holding of the election to the Managing Committee of the Bank in accordance with Rule 3-A (8) of the Rules.
In the Review Petition, the review has been partly allowed by allowing interest @ 9% against which the appeal has been filed.
In the Review Petition, the review has been partly allowed by allowing interest @ 9% against which the appeal has been filed.
Extortion by putting a person in fear of death or grievous hurt.—Whoever commits extortion by putting any person in fear of death or of grievous hurt to that person or to any other, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine.
The said deviation in the Draft Concession Agreement is not accepted by JNPT.
Therefore, the assessing officer will have to take into account the manner in which the business works, the modalities and manner in which SAP/additional purchase price/final price are decided and to determine what amount would form part of the profit and after undertaking such an exercise whatever is the profit component is to be considered as sharing of profit/distribution of profit and the rest of the amount is to be considered as deductible as expenditure.
However, wherever this exercise is deemed proper, we would be referring to such factual details at the relevant steps.
However, wherever this exercise is deemed proper, we would be referring to such factual details at the relevant steps.
One defines oneself.
The failure of the Bank to consider the request for regularisation of the loan account, the absence of a right to appeal under against the order passed under , the Respondent was left with no option but to prefer the writ application as the Respondent genuinely desired to discharge the loans.
He was sure the forum would address all concerns to ensure greater use of these eco-fibres.
However, it appears that within four days, a compromise was entered into between the original complainant and the respondent and an application for compounding the offences was filed under Code of Criminal Procedure.
For the said reason, we find no infirmity in the impugned circular issued by the Inspector General of Registration.
For the said reason, we find no infirmity in the impugned circular issued by the Inspector General of Registration.
Regulation 27(2) provides and Update) that upon cancellation of an Aadhaar Regulations, 2016 number, all services provided by the authority shall be permanently disabled.
Whether the word ‘deemed’ when used in a statute established a conclusive or a rebuttable presumption depended upon the context (see St. Leon Village Consolidated School Distt.
The other issue in regard to which there was elaborate submission is the issue pertaining to recommendations of the Wage Board in regard to news agencies.
However, the nose-pin recovered was clean and without any human tissue.
Assailing the impugned judgment of conviction, Mr. Rishi Malhotra, learned counsel appearing for the appellant, firstly contended that in absence of evidence that the deceased soon before her death was subjected to cruelty, the conviction of the appellant under , cannot at all be sustained.
She has also relied upon the purpose and legislative history of enactment of the Act including amendments made thereunder and the Rules.
Provided that such society or body is supported wholly or in part by voluntary contributions, applies its profits, if any, or other income in promoting its objects and does not pay any dividend or bonus to its members.
He further stated that on July 13, 2001, on seeing the police vehicle near bus stand, he went to the Police to enquire about the case.
He further stated that on July 13, 2001, on seeing the police vehicle near bus stand, he went to the Police to enquire about the case.
A person to be appointed as an Upa-Lok Ayukta shall be a person who holds or has held the office of a Judge of a High Court and shall be appointed on the advice tendered by the Chief Minister in consultation with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the state and the leader of Opposition in the Legislative Assembly of the state.
The appellant University would therefore, contend that in the field of education, though the main objective of the University was to reinforce the greatness of Vedas, Upvedas, agam tantra, itihas, darshan, upanashid, puranas etc., in as much as every other field of education was intrinsically connected with the main objective of spreading the knowledge of Vedas.
The defendant has not stepped into witness box and no documents are marked on her behalf.
In this light, let us examine the maintainability of these petitions.
He further contended that the word “shall  clearly implies a mandate and is unmistakably indicative of the statutory intent.
Whether fresh environmental clearances were required to be obtained by the mining lease holders?
He also went to Chembur Refinery along with PW-2 to survey the target.
He also went to Chembur Refinery along with PW-2 to survey the target.
This on one hand reduces the cost of transporting the finished product to the market. On the other hand it ensures maximization of profits by selling the goods at a competitive price.
Undisputedly, the format in which the information had to be furnished only provided for an eventual blacklisting having taken place.
Undisputedly, the format in which the information had to be furnished only provided for an eventual blacklisting having taken place.
We do not see any reason for not accepting the meaning of the term “turnover  given by a body of Accountants, which is having a statutory recognition.
In case she is able to secure the admission, custody of Saesha shall be handed over to the respondent by the appellant one week before the next academic session starts.
Without there being machinery for resolving an election dispute, the elections could not be free and fair which in turn will damage the basic feature of democracy.
The amount collected shall be kept in an escrow amount for utilizing it for infrastructure development in that area as may be decided by the Government.
The fact that District Judge or Additional District Judge can take cognizance of all suits irrespective of their value shall not whittle down or dilute the line of separation between two courts in taking cognizance of small cause cases.
If its effect, or the effect of any one of the items, tends to deprave and corrupt persons, who are likely to read, see, or hear the matter contained in such materials.
Environmental jurisprudence has developed around the rubric of public interest petitions.
The appeals lack merit and are liable to be dismissed.
No picture of such child can be published.
Therefore, we set aside the order of the High Court in each case and direct consideration of the question of desirability to proceed in the matter before it on receipt of the report from the concerned Committee.
However, from the case that reached the U.S. Supreme Court, the District Court found that as a result of economic and technical developments since the last decision on the subject, the statutes were no longer justified as safety measures - the ground on which they had formerly been sustained.
It is an established fact that a crime though committed against an individual, in all cases it does not retain an individual character.
It is an established fact that a crime though committed against an individual, in all cases it does not retain an individual character.
On May 13, he will present the Asom Ratna Award to Mamoni Raisom Goswami (posthumously) and Srimanta Shankrdev Award for the year 2008 to Smt. Sharmila Tagore.
For the reasons aforesaid, the first appeal is partly allowed.
I also appreciate the full support that the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology has extended to the Council 's endeavours.
There 's a lot you can do while in Versova beach - enjoy the beauty of nature, go on a boat ride, rest, relax and unwind.
It is the case of the appellant-AMRI Hospital that the National Commission should have taken note of the fact that the deceased was initially examined by Dr. Sukumar Mukherjee and the alleged medical negligence resulting in the death of the deceased was due to his wrong medication (overdose of steroid).
There being no dispute that a Constitutional Amendment can be valid only if it is consistent with the basic structure of the Constitution, the core issue for consideration is whether the impugned amendment alters or damages the said basic structure and is void on that ground.
And we call upon you to remove yourself from the said property, with immediate effect, otherwise, our client will be taking appropriate action against you.
The respondent during submission has submitted that he was illegally transferred to Branch Office, Jaunpur from Allahabad.
The respondent during submission has submitted that he was illegally transferred to Branch Office, Jaunpur from Allahabad.
Anil Surkunde asked him, 'stop, he will take his life'.
At present, the Indian cement industry comprises 134 large cement plants with an installed capacity of 173. 08 million tonnes and more than 350 operating mini cement plants with an estimated capacity of 11. 10 million tonnes per annum, making a total installed capacity of 184. 18 million tonnes.
As she prepares tea on her bio - gas stove, Pano Hansda declares proudly: “We use bio - gas to cook now.
Provisions of the Indian Penal code (for short, ‘’) and . are in the nature of such reasonable restrictions, which are statutory provisions giving powers to the State to ensure that such public assemblies, protests, dharnas or marches are peaceful and they do not become unlawful.
We award Rs.10,48,400/ with 9% interest per annum payable from the date of filing the application till the date of payment.
And that applies to judges at all levels from the lowest to the highest.
Therefore, it was not even open to the Income Tax Authorities to go beyond the stipulations contained in the PSCs while making the assessment and had to exclusively remain within the provisions of the Agreement.
This plea cannot be accepted by us in view of the legal principle laid down by this Court in the above decision, wherein it is clearly laid down that the Corporation cannot deny the rights of the workmen by taking the plea that their initial appointment was contrary to Articles 14 and 16 of the Constitution.
This plea cannot be accepted by us in view of the legal principle laid down by this Court in the above decision, wherein it is clearly laid down that the Corporation cannot deny the rights of the workmen by taking the plea that their initial appointment was contrary to Articles 14 and 16 of the Constitution.
The High Court has found that there was a threat to the property of Raj Kumar and he had made an effort to drive away the informant and others.
Therefore, I agree with the previous investigation.
Therefore, we hold that the complaint filed by the respondents were not maintainable before the Consumer Forum.
Huge amounts are being charged by way of donations and fees.
The journal provides relevant information about jobs with Central, State Governments, Public Sector Undertakings, Autonomous Bodies, universities.
Other learned counsel adopted the arguments of Shri Naphade.
Before proceeding further, we would like to decide the preliminary question that arose during the course of arguments regarding the scope of interference by this Court with a judgment of the High Court in exercise of its revisional power, affirming a conviction.
It is believed that the hill resort of Ranikhet derives it name from the Rani Padmini, queen of Raja Sukherdev, the local ruler.
So the male child gets all the benefits.
So the male child gets all the benefits.
I had sent the same to the petrol pump of Suleman and asked him to take the delivery from the said drivers who had brought the delivery of the said vehicles.
But the framers of the Draft Constitution had to depart from the federal concept embodied in the Objectives Resolution owing to a change in the political situation which had taken place in the meantime.
In absence of pleading and proof, this Court held that, it could not be said that the driver had no valid licence to ply the vehicle which met with an accident and he could not be deprived of the compensation.
I do not think in the present case the appellant had established or proved that there was no negligence on the part of the appellant owner of the offending vehicle.
It has about 1,200 companies in information technology (IT) sector.
He stated that 'marriage of his sister was settled by his father and his marriage was solemnized with the consent of both me and my father.
It will also help in opening fresh avenues of growth and placement for students.
New Guinea looks forward to greater investments and larger trade volumes with India.
The question is whether for the purposes of it is necessary to ascertain any thing more than this that the different offences were committed in the course of the same transaction or whether it must further be ascertained whether the acts are intrinsically connected with one another.
The High Court has considered another aspect of the difference in area, it has opined that earlier it appeared that land was 15.00 acres only later on how the area was increased to 24.62 acres has not been explained by the defendants.
Even otherwise strict rule that negligence is to be proved beyond reasonable doubt is not to be proved in MACT proceedings.
There are many glaring illustrations which are of common knowledge and any criminal lawyer can multiply instances of such nature.
The Control Unit is with the Presiding Officer or a Polling Officer and the Balloting Unit is placed inside the voting compartment.
For God hath full knowledge, And is acquainted With all things.
We request the Director General of Police of Haryana and the Home Secretary to look into the matter and ensure that the departmental proceedings are taken to logical end at the earliest.
Even otherwise, taking note of the fact that present appeals are the only remedy for the appellants, we heard the counsel at length, perused and analysed all the oral and documentary evidence running into several volumes.
Even otherwise, taking note of the fact that present appeals are the only remedy for the appellants, we heard the counsel at length, perused and analysed all the oral and documentary evidence running into several volumes.
As taken note of above, once the fraud, misrepresentation or suppression of fact, if found to have been done by the party in any judicial proceedings is later discovered or disclosed then it would relate back to the date of its actual commission and would necessarily result in vitiating such judicial proceedings.
It is a matter of record that there is no evidence at all to show that victim was at fault, in any way.
Towards that end, the Committee considers it imperative that a strong governance structure is put in place, which will be at arm’s length from the actual day-to-day management of the Associations and the game.
The Economy, Science and Technology Study is to introduce you to the principles and practices that shape economic trends as well as influence of science and technology in attaining self reliance in security related fields.
So far as execution of foreign decrees is concerned, in India, the principle underlying sec 11 has been applied as there is no specific section or article dealing with the subject.
A revised sanction letter was issued by 2nd respondent on 21.3.1990 further clarifying that the appellant company was allowed to take over the entire assets and liabilities along with the accrued interest and other statutory dues.
There is also a rural Centre at Mandi village which caters to children of nearby villages.
For the reasons stated above specifically that Hans Raj (PW-3) did not specify that the appellant shot him.
Therefore, we are eschewing our discussion regarding this proviso as that is not applicable in so far as present case is concerned.
Therefore, we are eschewing our discussion regarding this proviso as that is not applicable in so far as present case is concerned.
Upon completion of the remand period of accused Anwar Osman Patel, the further remand was sought, but it was rejected by the court and thus the accused was sent to the court custody.
These were the twin objectives in formulating draft proposals in the working paper.
Just after the prayer, new Katheeb made a brief religious discourse.
The appellant kept mum and did not lead any evidence in defence.
At least two judgments, one of the Privy Council and one of the Bombay High Court, have referred to the fact that, in appropriate cases, the hearing in the second case may be adjourned or may be stayed in order to await the outcome of the appeal in the first case. .
The question that needs to be considered in this Writ Petition would be as to whether there is any violation of the constitutional provisions and principles and/or the statutory provisions which govern the grant of environmental clearance.
The right that can be enforced under also shall ordinarily be the personal or individual right of the petitioner himself, though in the case of some of the writs like habeas corpus or quo warranto this rule may have to be relaxed or modified.
Under the present law, the High Court’s jurisdiction in such matters is merely advisory on questions of law.
The feature which stands out from the Transaction of Business Rules is that an obligation and duty has been cast upon the elected government and its officers to duly keep the Lieutenant Governor informed of proposals relating to governmental business.
Further, it is often seen that banks and financial institutions continue to provide loans to industrialists despite their default in repayment of an earlier loan.
11.15 It is also required to be noted that the dispute is pending since many years.
It is only in very few cases, the accused-dacoits are known to the victim.
It is only in very few cases, the accused-dacoits are known to the victim.
It appears that under the Gujarat Non-Secretariat Clerks, Clerks-cum-Typist (Direct Recruitment Procedure) Rules, 1990, for direct recruitment to Class III post, a candidate is required to undergo in-service training and on completion of training, is required to appear at the post-training examination and has to pass the same in maximum three chances.
It appears that under the Gujarat Non-Secretariat Clerks, Clerks-cum-Typist (Direct Recruitment Procedure) Rules, 1990, for direct recruitment to Class III post, a candidate is required to undergo in-service training and on completion of training, is required to appear at the post-training examination and has to pass the same in maximum three chances.
The President complimented the Prime Minister for the initiative ‘Beti Bachao Beti Padhao’ and his firm commitment towards the true empowerment of women.
We have, however, furnished reasons of our own for affirming the ultimate decision of the High Court to dismiss the writ petition.
Since the Union government is broadly in agreement with this approach, we deem it appropriate and proper to permit it to be utilized at this stage for the purpose of determining the required judge strength of the district judiciary.
Since the Union government is broadly in agreement with this approach, we deem it appropriate and proper to permit it to be utilized at this stage for the purpose of determining the required judge strength of the district judiciary.
That is reinforced from the order of the Company Judge, formulating the scheme for demerger of the lessee company.
The conditions mentioned in the said letter will demonstrate that the each condition is either in the nature of additional concessions / modification that were sought by EPL or alleged defaults on the part of GUVNL, which was not agreed to by GUVNL.
It has been vehemently argued by the accused/respondents that the prosecution has failed to establish any motive for the alleged incident.
He submits that on this basis, the writ application should be allowed and the petitioner should be reinstated.
It is a matter of record that in between the proceedings with regard to the status of the temple, there was also a suit filed by the neighbors of the appellants for a right of passage which did end in a compromise and as claimed by them (appellants), the ownership of the temple premises had been established.
In the present case, we are unable to find either any inconsistency or any provision which may indicate expressly or by necessary implication the exclusion of the provision empowering grant of pardon.
There can be no doubt that the word ‘his’ used in sub-section (3) must have significance and it cannot be ignored or equated with the word ‘any’ to bring within the net of sub-section (3) any appeal in which there is any reference to religion.
Given the complexities of international law, including legal entitlements and implications of multilateral and bilateral treaties and agreements, there is perhaps a growing need to equip our respective national judiciaries to deal with the emerging international legal paradigm more effectively.
It has also been held that the right to administer is not absolute, but must be subject to reasonable regulations for the benefit of the institutions as the vehicle of education, consistent with national interest.
Chapter III of these Rules, which relate to mining operations, provide for submission of mining plan and approval thereof by the competent authority as a condition precedent for commencement of mining operations.
On 7.10.2015, the High Court passed an interim order staying the orders accepting their resignations.
Therefore, from this batch, only he is entitled for reinstatement with back wages, as he has also filed an undertaking, in terms of this Court's order dated May 12, 2016, to the effect that he is not gainfully employed during the relevant period.
Any delay in making payment of the said sum should enable the party to have interest on the said sum until he receives the payment.
Any delay in making payment of the said sum should enable the party to have interest on the said sum until he receives the payment.
The timing for the Ceremonial Changing of Guard at Rashtrapati Bhavan from March 15 to August 14, 2016 will be 0800 hrs to 0840 hrs.
We bring with us warm greetings and good wishes of the Government and people of India.
We bring with us warm greetings and good wishes of the Government and people of India.
Shri Patwalia has pressed into service the doctrine of ‘lax non cogit ad impossibilia’ and has urged us to consider the scope and application of the same.
In addition, you have to continuously strive to uphold the supremacy of the constitution.
The Police did not record her statement so long she was admitted in the Medical College Hospital, Rohtak.
A-5 showing a sickle threatened the public to run away and repeatedly attacked the said Rajagopalan and thereafter they ran away towards west.
They are guilty, though, of contempt for non-compliance for a small period.
Dr D R Bapat, Trustee, MARDEF attends the meeting to review along with Member Secretary MARDEF.
The main aim of punishment in judicial thought, however, is still the protection of society and the other objects frequently receive only secondary consideration when sentences are being decided.
53) All these aspects were emphatically considered by this Court while pronouncing the final verdict against the petitioners herein thereby upholding the sentence of death imposed by the High Court.
After such time as, Government may decide the present quotas of recruitment will be restored.
Srivari Exports, a partnership firm (hereafter FIRM).
New crops like castor, groundnut, soyabean and horticulture crops (vegetables and fruits) are also being encouraged.
Thus, we have to be more careful and cautious in applying pest control practices in field crops.
After giving the order, I came back to my counter and sent some onion with chatni to Satish through one of my employee and thereafter, I started work in my counter.
Though our two nations are geographically distant from each other, we are bound by our common commitment to democratic values and practice.
All Dimasa Students Union, Dima Hasao District Committee and Ors., raising the question whether ban on mining can be continued.
Insofar as runway lighting is concerned which is essentially used at airports that allow night landings, requires that there has to be Runway End Identification Lights, Runway End Lights, Runway Edge Lights, Runway Centerline Lighting System, Touchdown Zone Lights, Taxiway Centerline Lead-Off Lights, Taxiway Centerline Lead-On Lights, Land and Hold Short Lights, Approach Lighting System etc. Technical specifications for all these lights have to be complied with.
This aspect can be dealt with in two ways.
Biennial Elections to the Maharashtra Legislative council from 6 Local Authorities’ Constituencies due to retirement of sitting members.
It was formed bythe Life Insurance Corporation Act, 1956, with the objective of spreading life insurance much more widely and in particular to the rural area.
A housing board does not run on business lines.
Des Raj, the brother of Nath Ram’s wife, informed Nath Ram about Janki Devi being ill-treated on account of Nath Ram’s inability to meet the additional demand for dowry.
Further, the evidence of a child witness and credibility thereof would depend upon the circumstances of each case.
Further, the evidence of a child witness and credibility thereof would depend upon the circumstances of each case.
In the circumstances, this order shall be taken to have settled only what we have specifically dealt with or what would logically follow therefrom.
In the circumstances, this order shall be taken to have settled only what we have specifically dealt with or what would logically follow therefrom.
The Code separates commercial aspects of insolvency and bankruptcy proceedings from judicial aspects.
The Code separates commercial aspects of insolvency and bankruptcy proceedings from judicial aspects.
The programme is based on daily life activities and small experiments are conducted under the guidance of experts.
However, from a perusal of the cross examinations of PW4 and PW5, it appears that there was personal enmity and PW3, PW4, PW14 were made accused in a case of murder of Asfak, son of Sheikh Samsul, appellant herein.
The partners in a marriage must weather these storms and embrace the sunshine with equanimity.
The partners in a marriage must weather these storms and embrace the sunshine with equanimity.
Outlet tank and slurry pit: An outlet tank is usually provided in a fixed dome type of plant from where slurry in directly taken to the field or to a slurry pit.
A reading of the aforesaid provision describes the width of the power vested with the SEBI to regulate the security market.
The trial court framed the issue which touches upon the dispute that is whether the petitioner (the respondent herein) is entitled to custody of the child.
According to her, therefore, all that the NCLT would have to be supplied with by the allottee in his petition would be this information, and, after receiving a reply from the real estate developer, would then easily be able to decide whether a real estate developer owes money in the form of compensation payable for late completion of the project, and/or refund of money paid by the allottee.
With regard to the second submission of Dr. Dhawan and Mr. Ashok Desai that the issue raised in the present proceeding is no longer res integra in view of the law laid down by this Court in Bhanumati (supra), we are of the opinion that the submission deserves to be accepted, in so far as the matter is covered by the ratio laid down in Bhanumati (supra).
Notification No. 66 of 1979 in our opinion, was not designed or issued to induce the appellants to import PVC resin.
We are heartened to note that one other signatory nation has taken the stand that no duty can be collected during the “gap period .
Besides, a decentralised management structure had also been suggested to ensure popular participation in education.
None of the Sailors have been or could be drafted to the Fleet Reserve after coming into force of the said policy—as that establishment did not exist anymore and the strength of establishment of the Indian Navy stood reduced to that extent.
You may take this opportunity to give your valued suggestions for a strategic roadmap for India to become much more inclusive and innovative.
C - DAC, currently offers a variety of course options in Software technologies, Enterprise System Management (ESM), Geomatics, VLSI designs, Digital Multimedia, and the Programme for Advancing Computer Education - PACE.
Whichever way one looks at it, the matter requires the serious attention of the State and its authorities, if the dignity of women, as a whole, and respect for them, is to be restored.
Whichever way one looks at it, the matter requires the serious attention of the State and its authorities, if the dignity of women, as a whole, and respect for them, is to be restored.
Rule 20 stipulates that ordinarily no lease or sale of land on concessional terms shall be allowed for purposes other than a charitable purpose such as a hospital, educational institution and orphanage.
As long as there is some material which substantiated appellants claim before the Arbitrator, the Court hearing the petition under and would not reappraise the material to come to the conclusion that the arbitrator went wrong in arriving at a finding of fact.
The High Court found that the school certificate was not proved without doubt.
The brief facts of the case, as per the prosecution story, are that on 5.1.2001 at about 6:10 p.m. at Chapra Beparipara which is under Chapar Police Station, the accused persons formed an unlawful assembly and in prosecution of the common object of such assembly, committed the murder of Hasen Ali.
The order passed by the Authorized Officer was challenged by one Manoharbhai Lallubhai Patel by filing Special Civil Application No.13082 of 2018, however, the said petition came to be withdrawn by him as per the order dated 29.8.2018 passed by the Court.
Puma Ayurvedic Herbal (P) Ltd. (supra) and applied the common parlance test and accepted the submissions of the revenue.
We have no hesitation to note that both the questions of law framed by the High Court are not substantial questions of law.
The major thrust is on result oriented interventions focusing on empowering artisans through skill and technology upgradation, design development and supply of raw materials through easily accessible common facility centres at cluster level.
Photo Films Mfg.
It was held therein that it is not possible to split up one palace into parts for granting exemption only to that part in self-occupation of the ex-Ruler as his official residence and to deny the benefit of exemption to the other portion of the palace rented out by the Ruler, since the entire palace is declared as his official residence.
Participation of people is through the process of consultations where they define both problems and solutions.
These two resolutions cannot be relied upon to contend that the Board was not allowed to function independently and was treated with contempt.
These two resolutions cannot be relied upon to contend that the Board was not allowed to function independently and was treated with contempt.
We have, however, given some examples hereinabove and we do not want to tie down the hands of the Special Court, who may have to deal with such cases.
The issue of admissibility of confessions recorded under Section 15 of TADA prior to the amendment on 22.05.1993 has been dealt with in detail by the Designated Judge in paras 1-8 of Part 3 of the final judgment.
In his submission, if at all any disgorgement as suggested by the learned Amicus Curiae is to be made, it ought to be by respondent No.3 i.e. the client of Mr. Vikas Singh, learned Senior Advocate and not by DLF Home Developers Pvt. Limited which had paid market value for the land it purchased.
There was a serious lacuna in regard to disclosures and appraisal on this aspect of the controversy.
In order, therefore, to make the statute “workable , as is suggested by Messrs Salve and Singhvi, we cannot disregard the plain language of the proviso and substitute words which would have the opposite effect.
Two aspects of the parliamentary discussion, which were kept in mind when the issue was deliberated, need to be highlighted.
In view of the admissions made by the appellant, no evidence was adduced before the Enquiry Officer by either of the parties.
The Tribunal has accepted the contention of the Revenue that the invoices issued by the supplier of the goods specifically mentioned that these were parts of electronic energy meters and even the appellant had admitted that these goods had to be issued as parts of energy meter.
The Tribunal has accepted the contention of the Revenue that the invoices issued by the supplier of the goods specifically mentioned that these were parts of electronic energy meters and even the appellant had admitted that these goods had to be issued as parts of energy meter.
The candidate therein coincidentally raised somewhat similar contention as pleaded by the Union of India in the present case.
On a consideration of the order passed by the High Court and the recommendations of the MCI, the Central Government decided not to renew the permission for admitting the second batch of MBBS students against the increased intake that is from 100 to 150 for the academic year 2015-16 at KIMS.
There is always an element of risk in such decisions, ultimately it may turn out to be a correct decision or a wrong one.
Therefore, the reliance placed upon the aforesaid judgments by the claimant does not support his claim and this Court need not accept the same and enhance the compensation as has been claimed by him since he is not entitled to the same.
Therefore, the reliance placed upon the aforesaid judgments by the claimant does not support his claim and this Court need not accept the same and enhance the compensation as has been claimed by him since he is not entitled to the same.
It was accordingly contended, that Parliament has the exclusive power to make laws relatable to matters pertaining to the “Railways .
The constitutional Governor, is to hold his office under , during the pleasure of the President.
Inspector General of Police will be for selection.
Whereas, a bare reading of the provision makes it amply clear that it is a mandatory provision.
Whereas, a bare reading of the provision makes it amply clear that it is a mandatory provision.
At present juncture, such a recommendation will lead to serious friction, particularly between the Northern and Southern States.
The question, in such circumstances, that would arise is whether the respondent can be treated differently even if he is allowed to remain in DGQA, viz. whether not allowing him to take further promotions, which benefit is still available to others whose permanent Secondment is not in dispute, would amount to discrimination or arbitrariness thereby offending Articles 14 and 16 of the Constitution of India.
The question, in such circumstances, that would arise is whether the respondent can be treated differently even if he is allowed to remain in DGQA, viz. whether not allowing him to take further promotions, which benefit is still available to others whose permanent Secondment is not in dispute, would amount to discrimination or arbitrariness thereby offending Articles 14 and 16 of the Constitution of India.
Another caste certificate was issued in the prescribed format to the Appellant by the Naib Tehsildar, Nangal Chowdhary, Haryana on 29.01.2014, declaring him as an OBC candidate belonging to Ahir community and that he does not belong to the ‘creamy layer’.
Any shareholder desiring to sell his shares must offer his shares to the other shareholders of the company pro rata to the holding of each of such other members respectively at a fair value.
One of the purposes of this Bank is to help carry out agricultural improvements.
The explanation reads that for the purposes of this section, ‘debt or other liability’ means a legally enforceable debt or liability.
In the Commercial Division, the plaintiff must file along with the plaint, the relevant documents on which the plaintiff proposes to rely and the statement of the witnesses in chief examination by way of an affidavit and the draft issues that are likely to arise.
The aforesaid distinction between the two Agreements has made all the difference in the results.
Gardner 's theory argues that students will be better served by a broader vision of education, wherein teachers use different methodologies, exercises and activities to reach all students, not just those who excel at linguistic and logical intelligence.
The power to tax is a sovereign right of the State and is essential to the very existence of a Government.
Similarly, under EU Council Regulation 833 of 2014 dated 31.7.2014, certain restrictive measures in view of Russian actions destabilizing the situation in Ukraine were taken against certain Russian entities, of which VTB Bank was one.
Before dealing with this technical aspect as to whom the authorisation is to be given, we feel that a word of caution is needed with regard to the right of the next of the kin of the victim.
We once again clarify that we are not expressing any opinion either way on the merits of the eviction order passed by the Estate Officer and the order of the City Civil Court and of the learned Single Judge of the High Court confirming the same.
It is submitted by the learned counsel appearing on behalf of the appellant that a conscious decision was taken by the Management to abolish the respective posts as the institution was running in heavy losses.
Thus, 64 officers were in position and their were 43 vacancies for 2008 recruitment.
It went on to state that there would be no estoppel in law against the assessee making a claim that these amounts were in the nature of capital receipts and not income, and also relied upon certain judgments of this Court to buttress the proposition that this Court had also held that what is the true position in law cannot be deflected by what the assessee may or may not do in its treatment of the matter at hand in its accounts.
It went on to state that there would be no estoppel in law against the assessee making a claim that these amounts were in the nature of capital receipts and not income, and also relied upon certain judgments of this Court to buttress the proposition that this Court had also held that what is the true position in law cannot be deflected by what the assessee may or may not do in its treatment of the matter at hand in its accounts.
Section 35 speaks about grant of licences for sale.
In case the report is submitted earlier, the registry shall list the matter immediately before the Court.
In case the report is submitted earlier, the registry shall list the matter immediately before the Court.
It is also not a case where there is no substance in the complaint.
The National Common Minimum Programme (NCMP) adopted by the Government outlines the policy of the Government with respect to the public sector including disinvestment of Government equity in CPSEs.
The learned counsel for the appellant company submitted that the fact as to “paid-up share capital  of rupees one crore or more of a company is a “jurisdictional fact  and in absence of such fact, the court has no jurisdiction to proceed on the basis that the is not applicable.
Coming to the stipulations in the present arbitration clause, it is clear as day that if any dispute or difference would arise under the charter, arbitration in London to apply; that the arbitrators are to be commercial men who are members of London Arbitration Association; the contract is to be construed and governed by English Law; and that the arbitration should be conducted, if the claim is for a lesser sum, in accordance with small claims procedure of the London Maritime Arbitration Association.
They turn on their own facts.
He said education provides the basic foundation for economic growth and called for radical change in education methods so as to contribute to innovation, discovery and research.
It is submitted that the High Court has materially erred in not accepting the same on the ground that there is no Deed of Relinquishment executed by Triza Kalyani John @ A.S. Meenakshi and as such the Deed of Relinquishment is required to be registered.
We have provided a database on IPR where more information is available.
The trial Court has rightly discarded the evidence of interested witnesses.
So far as the Magistrate is concerned, comparative latitude is given to him but he must always bear in mind that while the prosecution must remain being robust and comprehensive and effective it should not abandon the need to be free, fair and diligent.
Further it is also to be noted that the suit is for specific performance of the agreement of sale.
Trombay plant reprocesses the spent fuel from research reactors with the capacity of 60 tons per year.
Therefore, if the increase in market value in urban/semi-urban areas is about 10% to 15% per annum, the corresponding increases in rural areas would at best be only around half of it, that is, about 5% to 7.5% per annum.
He urged them to move ahead with pride and determination.
The rebate would be admissible to the appellant, if the redrawn monthly invoice and the original payment made by the appellant against the invoice of that month matches or if the appellant has made excess payment, the respondents were directed to redraw the annual invoice for 2001-2002, 2002-2003, 2003-2004, 2004-2005, 2005-2006 and 2006-2007, as at September of each year to capture the gains to the appellant on account of lower interest rates and gains to the respondent on account of higher floating rate.
It is further observed by the High Court in the interim order dated 17.11.2011 that a sum of Rs.27,94,27,910/- was deposited in the High Court, and out of balance amount of Rs.25,01,08,573/- with the Collector, Kolhapur, an amount of Rs.20,00,00,000/- has been distributed amongst workers.
The amendment application was although rejected by the Trial Court on 25.4.2007, but the High Court by an order dated 05.08.2008 allowed the amendment application subject to payment of cost of Rs. 3000/-.
No. 1 is erroneous in law and is liable to be set aside.
Approached through a maze of narrow alleys and the Vishwanath Gali (or Lane), the temple complex of Vishwanath or Visheshwara, the 'Lord of All', is popularly known as the Golden Temple, due to the massive gold plating on its shikhara (spire).
The reasons which may lead a person in a sound state of mind to refuse medical treatment are inscrutable.
The plaintiffs need not question the auction sale which was conducted in 1933 inasmuch as, firstly, they are not parties to those proceedings including the execution proceedings and court auction.
The appellant thereafter preferred a revision application before respondent No. 3, which was also dismissed.
Counsel submitted that evidence on record establishes that the appellant loved the deceased.
As pointed out by Lord Macmillan in London and North Eastern Railway Co. V. Berriman, “where penalties for infringement are imposed it is not legitimate to stretch the language of a rule, however beneficient its intention, beyond the fair and ordinary meaning of its language.
This Press Release issued at 1310 hrs.
The appellant's plea that in central air-conditioning system, fabrication has to be undertaken requiring preparation of plant etc. and that thus the central air-conditioning system has to be treated differently from a room air- conditioner or window air-conditioner etc. was not accepted because, according to the High Court, even in a room air-conditioner or window air- conditioner or split air-conditioner or AC cooler, elevation and lay out of the area requiring conditioning, has to be taken into consideration.
Salim Kurla asked A-92 to go to Dubai.
The Hon’ble Supreme Court in the above noted matter has, on 16' December, 2013, taken note of the Consultation Paper prepared and circulated by the Commission.
Branch Managers are delegated to issue one cheque book free to literate account holders.
We have heard the learned counsel for the parties and also perused the entire record of the case.
Shri Shyam Divan submitted that the biometric information of an individual can be circulated to other authorities or corporate bodies which, in turn can be used by them for commercial exploitation and, therefore, must be stopped.
ON 26th October 2002 the Academic Council of the University took the decision to start the Engineering Courses (in all branches) amongst others through Distance Education Mode from academic year 2003 onwards.
M/s Wyeth Ltd. in favour of the appellant is genuine or not and whether the concerned workmen have accepted the retiral benefits and other monetary claims voluntarily, as pleaded by the appellant.
It is the statement of a fact employed as an argument to justify or condemn some fact.
In other words, the arbitral tribunal having misconducted itself had acted contrary to the public policy of Indian law and therefore the awards rendered by it were not enforceable as per the provisions of Section 48(2)(b) of the 1996 Act.
Shishupal Singh PD-11 by whom search has been conducted, on reaching at the place of occurrence by him no reasons to believe have been recorded before conducting the search of jeep bearing HR 24 4057 under , nor any reasons in regard to not obtaining the search warrant have been recorded.
Trial in camera would not only be in keeping with the self- respect of the victim of crime and in tune with the legislative intent but is also likely to improve the quality of the evidence of a prosecutrix because she would not be so hesitant or bashful to depose frankly as she may be in an open court, under the gaze of public.
Thandans on the basis of various documents filed by them and have attentive to argue that the Scrutiny Committee did not arrive at a correct decision.
A letter of intent is not intended to bind either party ultimately to enter into any contract.
Rohit Singh’s case is clearly not applicable to the facts and circumstances of this case.
In 1883, he topped the BA examination at Calcutta University.
As mentioned supra, under the definition, firstly whatever remuneration is paid or payable to an employee under the terms of the contract of the employment, expressed or implied, is wages .
In view of the charge sheet having been filed, the modified question before us is whether the petitioner was entitled to ‘default bail’ with effect from 3rd or 4th January, 2017 onwards and, in any case on 11th January, 2017 when his application for “regular bail  was rejected by the Gauhati High Court.
The learned Attorney General states that the Central Government accepts the position that CBI’s investigation must be conducted in a non- partisan manner without any extraneous influences but a statutory provision cannot be nullified on a presumption that the power under may be exercised improperly.
However, Entry 9028 does not pertain to LCDs but gas, liquid, etc. and includes electricity supply meters as well.
However, Entry 9028 does not pertain to LCDs but gas, liquid, etc. and includes electricity supply meters as well.
Hence, the general sweep of has to be read subject to this complete code regarding appointment of District Judges and Judges in the Subordinate Judiciary.
Any attempt to push and shove a homogeneous, uniform, consistent and a standardised philosophy throughout the society would violate the principle of constitutional morality.
These samples were sent for chemical examination to the Central Forensic Science Laboratory, New Delhi.
These samples were sent for chemical examination to the Central Forensic Science Laboratory, New Delhi.
The Court so concluded on the basis that the Show Cause Notice relied on exactly the same set of charges as had run their course in the Court Martial, resulting in the Respondent's acquittal.
In July, 2004, both husband and wife and their child were granted permanent resident status of U.K. Thereafter, the parties had been coming to India off and on quite regularly.
This clearly went against the established law that new facts could not be introduced in an election petition beyond a period of 45 days after declaration of the result of the impugned election.
The shares in question were allotted on payment of Rs.35 being the application money (Rs.25) and allotment money (Rs.10).
In my view, it would serve the larger public interests, by making the appellants serve the nation for a period of five years as and when they become qualified doctors[30], without any regular salary and attendant benefits of service under the State, nor any claim for absorption into the service of the State subject of course to the payment of some allowance (either in cash or kind) for their survival.
During his career, if an officer feels that he has no prospects for advancement in service, he may apply for PSS.
During his career, if an officer feels that he has no prospects for advancement in service, he may apply for PSS.
Tamil Nadu's witness, A. Mohanakrishnan, had himself admitted that the existing second crop area was 70,000 acres whereas the Tribunal considered the area to be 87,500 acres.
In essence verification is required to enable the Court to find out as to whether it will be safe to act on such affidavit evidence.
When we analyse the judgment in Ashoka Marketing (supra), we have to first see as to what was the subject matter of the controversy before this Court in Ashoka Marketing?
The respondent cannot therefore say that the petitioner was unauthorisedly absent for the said period now at this late stage.
There is thus no violation of his fundamental right to speech.
While 351 and 52 foreign nationals in 27 Certificate Courses.
Over - eating should be avoided to prevent overweight and obesity.
The trial shall preferably be concluded within six months from the date of taking cognizance.
He, thus, submitted that this constituted sufficient material to proceed against him and since it was only a summoning order, the appellants were free to seek discharge before the trial court.
He, thus, submitted that this constituted sufficient material to proceed against him and since it was only a summoning order, the appellants were free to seek discharge before the trial court.
Indian Paramilitary forces have several components with different roles.
If there is a constitutionally protected right, whether this has the character of an independent fundamental right or whether it arises from within the existing guarantees of protected rights such as life and personal liberty; (iii) the doctrinal foundations of the claim to privacy; (iv) the content of privacy; and (v) the nature of the regulatory power of the state.
But the root from which the power flows is the anxiety to avoid injustice.
A perusal of paragraph 21.9 of the recommendations dated 12th December, 2002 would show that the Government had stated that a professional Chairman and Board of Trustees would manage UTI II.
I therefore fully agree with the views expressed by my learned brother that the order of the High Court needs to be upheld.
Those laws derived their force de hors the 1966 Act.
The High Court of Tamil Nadu has reported that there are 220 working days in a year for the courts in the State.
In the process of repudiating the submissions advanced at the hands of the appellants, Mr. Guru Krishna Kumar, learned senior counsel representing the respondent-employees, drew our attention to certain factual aspects of the matter, which according to him, needed to be kept in mind, while determining the veracity of the challenge raised by the State Government.
The credit covers duty paid on input materials as well as tax paid on services, used in or in relation to the manufacture of the ‘final product’.
In these situations, the hospital may deny access if it is ‘discretionary status’, that is, it does not have staff or facilities to accept any additional patients.
In exercise of this power Order XL had been framed empowering this Court to review an order in civil proceedings on grounds analogous to Order 47 Rule 1 of the Civil Procedure Code.
Sustained unjustifiable and reprehensible conduct affecting physical and mental health of the other spouse may lead to mental cruelty.
A group of differently abled children will join him in the Rashtrapati Bhavan for celebrating his birthday.
There is no vice in the relevant provisions of the Act.
He emphasized that the safety mechanisms that we create, the precautions that we put in place must reassure our guests - so that they never have to be apprehensive about their personal safety or that of their belongings.
P-513 was filed on 23.03.1998 against A16 Abrey Rehmat Ansari.
This can be contrasted with questions of ‘policy’ involving competing views of the collective good of the community as a whole.
Barrier methods work by literally forming a barrier between sperm and egg.
It also noted that though the lease was cancelled subsequently by the Revenue Divisional Commissioner in the year 2002, yet the Association had never disputed the same.
It is true that sub-section (3) provides that such a power may be exercised at any time but this expression does not mean there would be no time-limit or it is in infinity.
Factors such as costs of your business, and customer demands should all be taken in consideration.
In this context, the MCI wrote to the College on 10th November, 2008 that, for the renewal of permission for admission of the 2nd batch of students in the academic year 2009-10 it may send the proposed dates for carrying out an inspection before 15th March, 2009 and submit all requisite documents.
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen.
The scheme was rejected by the Government vide order dated 31.12.2012 on the ground that it did not fulfil the eligibility criteria for such an increase.
It is clear from the decision in Ram Ratan (supra) also that there is a discretion with the employer to terminate the services.
Members should not lend ready support to any cause of which they have no or little knowledge.
After representations by the French Ambassador in London the Indian Government in its Note of May 1, 1924, was able to state that the existing water rights of Karikal would be safeguarded.
The employment of government servants is governed by rules.
To this effect, no documentary evidence is produced.
The political imbroglio.
The Special Judge had recorded the finding that the corroborative material supported his involvement in the Shekhadi landing and transportation, and he was absconding alongwith other accused.
With regard to the question of the concurrence of the Chief Justice, it seems to me that those who advocate that proposition seem to rely implicitly both on the impartiality of the Chief Justice and the soundness of his judgment.
He contended that this Court had in that fact situation held that by driving recklessly under the influence of alcohol the driver knew that he can thereby kill someone.
It is submitted that the appellants had been prejudiced on account of delayed pronouncement of the adjudication order as the documents available with them could not be placed before the said authority after the hearing of the matter.
Justice Baharul Islam speaking for this Court noted that comparing the provisions of Articles 74 and 163, on the one hand and of the Government of Union Territories Act 1963, there was a manifest difference between the position of the President or Governor and the Administrator of a Union territory.
Any action taken, in breach of interim injunction order, is to be set aside and no party can be allowed to take benefit of its wrong committed in breach of an order of the Court.
The Official Liquidator, had also raised objections to the purported sale by the Recovery Officer (in continuation of the recovery certificate dated 15.5.2002, issued by the DRT).
The victims or aggrieved persons are free to move such application before the jurisdictional court.
He states that the deceased absolutely had no problem while staying with the accused.
Appointment by transfer to the post of Sub-Inspector (Civil) is made by way of selection by the State Level Recruitment Board.
It is submitted that alleged recovery of huge arms and ammunitions are false and bogus.
It is submitted that alleged recovery of huge arms and ammunitions are false and bogus.
It was held that “mere non-examination of the person for whose need the building was required by itself was no ground to non-suit the landlady .
If Clauses (a) and (b) are not disjunctive, then the language of the proviso would have been certainly different and the Bill for the purpose for Clause (a) would have been mentioned.
If the said Orders are to be amended, it is Parliament that is in a better position to know having the means and machinery unlike courts as to why a particular caste or tribe is to be included or excluded by law to be made by Parliament.
It would not, in our opinion, cover the case of a ship which is in the full possession and control of a person who is not also the equitable owner of all the shares therein.
She was a Parliamentarian, an institution builder and a pioneer in social development.
They are the principles for the exercise of jurisdiction in criminal cases, which this Court brings before itself by a grant of special leave.
The parties have agreed that for disposing of this motion in the following terms, no reasons are necessary to be recorded.
Excellency, I am pleased to note that India and the Republic of Korea have a distinct convergence on a host of regional and international issues, including energy security, freedom and safety of navigation in international waters, non- proliferation of nuclear and missile technology and combating the scourge of terrorism, to name just a few.
It should adopt latest management techniques to bring in greater efficiency throughout the system.
BY ORDER IN THE NAME OF THE GOVERNOR.
No secretary, we were told, has so far been sent back in this manner and this emphasises the element of penalty.
No secretary, we were told, has so far been sent back in this manner and this emphasises the element of penalty.
The very Rules Ibid, at pages 424-425 (para 6) PART H which prescribe the conditions for making entries in the surveillance register and the mode of surveillance appear to recognise the caution and care with which the police officers are required to proceed.
In FIR No.205/2016 allegations are that Raj Kumar Goel; Ashish Kumar, Bank Manager, Kotak Mahindra Bank, K.G.Marg Branch and others conspired for illegal conversion of demonetized currency notes into monetized currency by way of depositing cash in various accounts of the firms and subsequently getting Demand Drafts issued in fictitious names.
However, the petitioners shall take steps, complete in all respect, by speed post with A/D within 1 (one) week from today on the remaining respondent.
The Union Government submits that it may be advisable to leave the choice of selection of the most appropriate candidate to the Committee headed by the Chief Justice of India or his nominee.
The Union Government submits that it may be advisable to leave the choice of selection of the most appropriate candidate to the Committee headed by the Chief Justice of India or his nominee.
There is no good reason why the full price paid by Venus Realcon should be ordered to be refunded with interest etc. and possession which was delivered to Venus Realcon at the time of sale should be disturbed after passage of so much time.
There is no good reason why the full price paid by Venus Realcon should be ordered to be refunded with interest etc. and possession which was delivered to Venus Realcon at the time of sale should be disturbed after passage of so much time.
In the instant case, the dying declaration was recorded by PW-30, Mr. Pawan Kumar, Metropolitan Magistrate.
In so far as the incorrect finding of Audit regarding the revenue potential of the Kalyan Mandap is concerned, we have shown how there has been a gain in real terms for OOA while Incon has suffered huge loss.
In other words, the motive and modus operandi attributed by Accused 1 to the Complainant would demand as its predicate that the Complainant knew that Accused 1 would not be in the office at the time of entrapment.
In other words, the motive and modus operandi attributed by Accused 1 to the Complainant would demand as its predicate that the Complainant knew that Accused 1 would not be in the office at the time of entrapment.
Therefore, it is clear that the driver was not having the driving license to drive commercial vehicle on the date of accident.
The Court discussing about the perspective in the context of the prisoners right and the torture, reproduced a passage from Sir Winston Churchill that was referred to in Sunil Batra (supra).
The procurer would be entitled to adjust the amount if already paid by it in pursuance of its affidavit dated 23.11.2015 from the amount so determined by the supplier.
The claim for compassionate appointment is therefore traceable only to the scheme framed by the employer for such employment and there is no right whatsoever outside such scheme.
Assailing the finding of the High Court that IPC violates , Shri Sharan submitted that the section does not create a clause and applies to both man and woman if they indulge in carnal intercourse against the order of nature.
The challenge is on twin grounds of lack of procedural fairness and inherent defects in the technical part of the exercise of survey besides apparent legal fallacies in the process of determination of the allegedly encroached mining area.
The challenge is on twin grounds of lack of procedural fairness and inherent defects in the technical part of the exercise of survey besides apparent legal fallacies in the process of determination of the allegedly encroached mining area.
The Union Government as well as the Government of the States shall also offer their views on the suggestions/recommendations of the different bodies/persons noticed and mentioned in the present order which are presently not under implementation.
Amirthavalli (PW-2) in her statement stated that the deceased was last seen in the Police Station.
The High Court, by impugned order, set aside the order of the Executing Court and dismissed the execution application as being not maintainable.
The High Court, by impugned order, set aside the order of the Executing Court and dismissed the execution application as being not maintainable.
It is not possible to infer from the said note that the deceased was happy in her matrimonial home.
EXIM Policy is the export import policy of the government that is announced every five years.
A wide array of seminal topics, such as, impact of contemporary developments on Rule of Law, Human Rights, Administration of Justice and Judicial Systems in India were discussed in those retreats.
It may also be mentioned that even as Ayodhya is said to be of particular significance to the Hindus as a place of pilgrimage because of the ancient belief that Lord Rama was born there, the mosque was of significance for the Muslim community as an ancient mosque built by Mir Baqi in 1528 AD.
We entirely agree with the above submission of learned Attorney General.
This is subject to the rider that in such an event, market value of the acquired land shall be determined with reference to the date of fresh declaration.
By affixing their signatures on this Judgment, Plaintiff and Defendant affirm that each has disclosed all assets each owns or has any interest in, whether held by him or her individually, by both of them jointly or with any other person or entity, or by another person or entity for the benefit of a party.
By affixing their signatures on this Judgment, Plaintiff and Defendant affirm that each has disclosed all assets each owns or has any interest in, whether held by him or her individually, by both of them jointly or with any other person or entity, or by another person or entity for the benefit of a party.
They are not open to doubt.
The scheme of Clause 29 (or old Clause 67) therefore is, whenever the Contractor has a claim which is not settled by the Executive Engineer or Superintending Engineer, he has to make the claim before the Chief Engineer.
Rule 2 further enjoins on the plaintiff to include the whole of the claim which the plaintiff is entitled to make in respect of the cause of action.
Explanation.—For the purposes of this section, 'rent' means any payment, by whatever name called, under any lease, sub-lease, tenancy or any other agreement or arrangement for the use of any land or building or both.
He also argued that certain matters fall within the discretionary powers of the Lieutenant Governor where he does not have to act on the aid and advise of the Council of Ministers of GNCTD.
Hence, there cannot be any interference by this Court with the opinion of the expert.
There is a natural and conventional bondage between the land and its tiller.
The first meeting of the Indo - Thai Joint Task Force on IT was held in February 2003 at New Delhi.
As a result, the water of the reservoirs has become highly acidic.
He, thus, submitted that observations of the Division Bench in Paramjit Singh’s case in para 14 that rule of quota shall apply at the time of confirmation also did not remain valid any longer.
Dismissal of an overwhelming number of cases has not and does not discourage the litigants or the member of the Bar from filing cases.
As per the case of the prosecution, the incident took place on 06.03.1997 at about 6.15 PM.
On the issue of executive interference in the appointment of judges, the Bench found that interference went to the extent of impermissibly re- opening the appointment process even though a recommendation for the appointment of a judge had been accepted by the Chief Justice of India.
The satellite imageries placed before the Court with regard to environmental damage and destruction has shocked judicial conscience.
Before dealing with the arguments/submissions of the learned counsel, we consider it proper to mention that even though in their counter affidavits some of the official respondents and respondent No.4 have raised an objection to the maintainability of the appeal on the ground that relief similar to the one prayed for by the appellant had been sought in Writ Petition No.27067/1998 filed before the High Court by way of public interest litigation, which was dismissed on 7.8.2000, the same was not pressed during the course of arguments.
This is neither good for the democracy nor for the policies relating to those laws.
I would also like to convey to you all the warm greetings of the people of India.
Our Courts or statutes have, however, not extended the principle of strict liability to all cases where ‘Polluter Pays Principle’ applies, but have confined such absolute liability only to cases where injury to person or property is occasioned by use of ‘hazardous’ substances.
Depending on the outcome of the said proceedings, the parties will be free to pursue such other remedies as may be permissible in law before the Court of Competent Jurisdiction.
There is no strong or valid reason for giving the Governor more authority either in his discretion or otherwise vis-a-vis his ministers, than has been given to the President in relation to his ministers.
By a rule of harmonious construction, we think that the bar in sub- section (2) of is not meant to be attracted to such kinds of intermediate orders.
The model code of conduct provides certain guidelines inter-alia that no party or candidate shall indulge in any activity which may aggravate existing differences or create mutual hatred or cause tension between two different castes and communities, religious or linguistic and no political party shall make an appeal on the basis of caste or communal feelings for securing votes.
The model code of conduct provides certain guidelines inter-alia that no party or candidate shall indulge in any activity which may aggravate existing differences or create mutual hatred or cause tension between two different castes and communities, religious or linguistic and no political party shall make an appeal on the basis of caste or communal feelings for securing votes.
Thereafter, trial of both the cases was conducted together; common evidence of both the cases was recorded in case FIR No.108/2009 under / IPC and 27 PS Mianwali Nagar and the same was taken up main case for disposal of both the cases together.
Hon'ble Mr. Justice A.K. Sikri pronounced the judgment of the Bench comprising Hon'ble the Chief Justice, Hon'ble Mr. Justice Madan B. Lokur and His Lordship.
The appeal is allowed to the extent and in the manner indicated above.
It is, indeed, interesting that the first nursing school in India, established in 250 B. C. by Acharya Charaka, one of the principal contributors to the ancient science of ayurveda, had admitted only male nurses.
It also requested Parliament to consider enactment of the law that would effectively empower the authorities for such effective regulation.
The learned counsel for the appellant apprehends that the appellant will be arrested as there is no provision for anticipatory bail in the State of U.P.
The ex-cadre post of OSD to Chief Minister in the rank of Executive Engineer, PWD will be personal to Sri Debajit Das.
The confession of A-64 corroborates with the fact that the appellant was present at Al-Hussaini building in the night intervening 11/12.03.1993.
6) In order to appreciate the controversy, we would have to go through certain provisions of the Act in order to understand broadly the scheme of taxation on the income of assessees.
Understandably, the word 'fabrication' had not been applied in the works contract for installation of air-conditioners and A.C. coolers contained in Entry No.2 of the Notification.
The principles of ‘direct and immediate test’ laid down in Atiabari and ‘Compensatory Taxes’ enunciated in Automobile are to be overruled and minority judgment of Sinha, C.J. that ‘tax simpliciter’ is not violative of is to be affirmed.
However, their incentives to file liabilities are even stronger when the entity approaches insolvency.
The appellant (A-90) also participated in the meeting at Hotel Big Splash, wherein Sharif Abdul Gafoor Parkar @ Dadabhai Parkar (A-17) and Tiger Memon (AA) were present and therein the negotiations took place for Shekhadi landing.
The central region of this galaxy is enshrouded in dust, as a result the regions where stars are formed are hidden.
Bablu and that the appellant had disputes with PW8, wife of the deceased, weighed with the trial court in accepting the case of the prosecution.
Mr. Abdul Mueed and Mr. Hammad Ahmed, sons of Wakif Mutawalli Hakim Abdul Hameed, are nominated as his successors under the terms of this Deed.
The aforesaid contentions, are rebutted by the learned senior counsel Mr. Kailash Vasdev, appearing on behalf of the Corporation, placing strong reliance on a series of judgments of this Court to show that the compromise was entered into between the Corporation and 99% of the employees on behalf of the workmen involved in the SLP 14906 of 1988 filed by the Corporation questioning the correctness of the Awards passed by Justice R.D. Tulpule and Justice S.M. Jamdar.
The evidence also discloses that after inspecting vermicelli factory at Mudichur, A-3 and A-9 had asked to put fan, table, chair, cot, bedpan in the room in the upstairs and screen cloth to cover the windows.
Therefore, also it cannot be said that the suit properties were purchased in the name of defendant no.1 by Narayanasamy Mudaliar from the funds received by selling of the ancestral properties.
Therefore, the very basis of the exercise undertaken by the Committee is erroneous resulting in a wrong report.
It is pointed out by the prosecution that there is no contradiction in the deposition of PW-556 and on going through the same, we feel that the contradictions pointed out on behalf of the appellant (A-9) were minor contradictions and they do not go to the root of the matter so as to discredit the testimony of the witness.
It is pointed out by the prosecution that there is no contradiction in the deposition of PW-556 and on going through the same, we feel that the contradictions pointed out on behalf of the appellant (A-9) were minor contradictions and they do not go to the root of the matter so as to discredit the testimony of the witness.
It is well entrenched principle of criminal jurisprudence that a charge can be said to be proved only when there is certain and explicit evidence to warrant legal conviction and that no person can be held guilty on pure moral conviction.
It is settled law that periods of limitation are procedural in nature and would ordinarily be applied retrospectively.
We are also of the view that there are several reasons due to which least intrusive test cannot be insisted.
The framers of the Indian Constitution did not adopt this language.
District Education Officer (Elementary Education), Banswara.
We admit that in many places and in ordinary times the defendants, in saying all that was said in the circular, would have been within their constitutional rights.
He has deposed before the trial Court that on 11.08.1990, the appellant-accused visited his house at about 12.00 noon and had asked him not to send his daughter to Canada and that he would arrange special coaching for her.
The Repeal Act of 2001 only repealed those Acts which effected the alteration of names of certain States and those which abolished Legislative Councils in certain States.
Though registration is prima facie proof of an intention to transfer the property, it is not proof of operative transfer if payment of consideration (price) is a condition precedent for passing of the property.
The criminal trial should always be conducted by Police/ CBI prosecutors only but not by State Public Prosecutors.
The bankers almost fell over.
This Court has clearly sounded a note of caution that in a case depending largely upon circumstantial evidence, there is always a danger that conjecture or suspicion may take the place of legal proof.
This Court has clearly sounded a note of caution that in a case depending largely upon circumstantial evidence, there is always a danger that conjecture or suspicion may take the place of legal proof.
The sale deed could not be executed for the reason that the appellants had been prevented from dealing with the residential house by an order of a competent court, which they could not have violated.
The sale deed could not be executed for the reason that the appellants had been prevented from dealing with the residential house by an order of a competent court, which they could not have violated.
After completion of investigation, a charge sheet was submitted by Investigating Officer Rajender Prasad Singh (PW-8) against the appellant for his trial.
In S.L. Dutta case a change in the promotional policy was challenged on the ground that as a result, service conditions of the respondent were adversely affected since his chances of promotion were reduced.
P.W. 18 was not worth the abduction for ransom.
In the investigation, when names of seven others had surfaced the charge-sheet was submitted against twelve accused.
It is fundamental that the ultimate decision has to be by considering cumulative effect of all the circumstances taken together.
In that, the property consisted of a building and also vacant property.
Thus, her knowledge being passed on to her husband on an issue of vital interest concerning her husband is a matter of fact which we do not believe that she did not pass on to her husband.
It is true that issue of public employment with regard to Telangana region has a long history.
The above judgments provide us with the dicta of the Court relating to imposition of death penalty.
The above judgments provide us with the dicta of the Court relating to imposition of death penalty.
We are conscious of the fact that the respondent is only an undertrial and his liberty is also a relevant consideration.
The principle of proportion between the crime and the punishment is the principle of 'just deserts' that serves as the foundation of every criminal sentence that is justifiable.
But the orders of the SEBI (FTM) and SAT were not interfered with, in any other manner.
The confession given by the accused is not the basis for the courts below to convict the accused, but it is only a source of information to put the criminal law into motion.
The High Court Legal Services Committee considered the reference and passed an award whereunder the borrower have agreed to pay Rs.33,50,000/- as final settlement of the claim of the Bank.
For the reasons aforesaid, the impugned order passed by the High Court cannot be sustained in law.
The detailed summary of evidence, different memos and other documents produced in the court martial proceeding were also not produced before the High Court.
The detailed summary of evidence, different memos and other documents produced in the court martial proceeding were also not produced before the High Court.
Interestingly this entire narration in the counter affidavit does not set out as to which was the authority which had approved this syllabus or the procedure which was adopted by the board.
Before adverting to the aforesaid aspect, we may clarify certain legal aspects.
It is worth mentioning that the introduction of a Universal Access Number is not something new or novel, inasmuch as Section 13 of the BOCW Act requires every beneficiary of the statute to be provided with an identity card with a photograph duly affixed thereon.
We must engineer change to reduce the backlog of court cases and the experience of the legal luminaries from around the globe who are present here, may be able to share their experience on how they tackle such issues in their respective countries.
Thus, it is apparent that there was blood on the seat as well as on the mobile phone and keys which were lying on the floor.
It was accordingly asserted, that the appointment of Judges by Judges was foreign to the provisions of the Constitution.
By giving one month's salary, in lieu of the notice, his services were terminated.
At the first level, a Project Monitoring Committee (PMC) comprising of 2 - 3 experts would review the progress on a periodical basis.
Referring to the definition of “total turnover  and “taxable turnover  as defined in Section 21 and Section 45 of the Act, it has been urged that as the discount allowed by the credit notes is not payable to the assessee by the customers and does not form a part of the sale consideration, it is not exigible under the Act.
The right to privacy has been held to be more than just a physical right as it includes the privacy in information about one’s identity.
B1 accounts maintained in the hand-writing of the father of the respondent shows that the applicant is only the manager of the cinema theatre in the property.
Include the offence of filing false affidavit as a corrupt practice under S. 123 of the RPA.
I pray that the year 2016 brings with it, renewed energy and enthusiasm to all of us and help us to perform our duties better for the progress and prosperity of our nation.
On 09.01.1993, arms were unloaded at Dighi Jetty.
The first and foremost is whether the arrears which the Court determined and directed the petitioner to pay were paid.
As pointed out earlier, a girl can legally consent to have sex only after she attains the age of 18 years.
This Court, however, in . upon taking an elaborate view of the matter in regard to right to privacy vis-à-vis the Madhya Pradesh Police Regulations dealing with surveillance, opined that the said Regulations did not violate the “procedure established by law .
Under option (vii) – payment of annuity ceases and 100% of the annuity is paid to the surviving named spouse during his / her life time and purchase price is returned to the nominee after the death of the spouse.
The significance of the date on which the eighty-fifth amendment came into force – 17 June 1995 – is that it coincides with the coming into force of the seventy-seventh amendment which enabled reservations in promotions to be made for the SCs and STs.
It is in the backdrop of the 2006 notification and the Guidance manual that it becomes necessary to assess the process that was adopted in the present case and its outcome.
The Environmental clearance for the DHT projects for Mumbai Refinery and Visakh Refinery have been obtained.
Pensioner Credit Card designed for pensioners.
This policy seeks to to establish new industries as well as revive the sick and closed units of the State.
For Businessmen / Professionals: Rs. 3. 00 lakh (last year income) - Minimum past 2 year ITR with supporting documents are mandatory.
As the facts clearly depict, it continued.
It is stated that this fund is meant for providing financial assistance to the next of kin of martyrs or to the disabled, at once, without any delay.
Learned counsel for the petitioner submits that the petitioner has been falsely implicated in the present case and has not committed any offence as alleged in the F.I.R.
More fundamentally, none of the certificates other than CCC were shown or established to be a legally recognised equivalent.
Act, 1954 was enacted by the state legislature under entry 56 of the State List to the Seventh Schedule.
The file was received by the Ministry of Home Affairs on 03.05.2011 from the President's Secretariat and after reexamination of the case the file was again submitted on 10.05.2011 to the President's Secretariat for decision of the Hon'ble President of India.
Thus Judges, as trustees, must be imbued with the sense they act in the environment and must be able to give an account for their conduct in that trust.  Archbald Cox, the Special Prosecutor who began legal proceedings against the then President Nixon in the Watergate crisis in the early 1970’s recounted an experience he had which is relevant to the issue of accountability of Judges.
Mr. Shyam Divan, learned senior counsel, entered appearance on behalf of an appellant (in C.A. No.1752 of 2016).
For that, it must identify and incorporate expertise from varied fields including industry and alumni, to support considered decision - making processes in the academic institutions.
AKHOY KUMAR GHOSE AND OTHERS reported in A.I.R.
The appellant (A-16) was involved in the landing of arms and ammunitions and explosives; he went to Pakistan for training in using arms and making explosives; attended crucial conspiratorial meetings; went to survey the targets; was also present in the meeting when the targets were being finalized; and in addition to all these actions, he planted explosives laden vehicles at two locations and went to survey the third location.
We may now examine the contentions raised by counsel for the appellant.
Based on the committee’s recommendations, the 1911 Act was amended in 1950 (by Act XXXII of 1950) in relation to working of inventions, including compulsory licensing and revocation of patents.
IIDL has successfully completed its flagship state - of - the - art project ‘Fraser Suites’.
I am truly impressed and overwhelmed by your talent and hard work.
Fifty eight per cent of the cooking time and 44% of the money spent on fuel were found to be saved.
Indeed,, 1860 does include explicitly the liability due to omissions.
The economic development of a country is closely interconnected with the attainment of highest levels of probity in public life.
Before the High Court on behalf of the 1st respondent, it was contended that in view of the fact that he has been allotted to the IAS Cadre of the Jharkhand State on 15th November, 2000, i.e. the date on which the Jharkhand State came into existence, the Vigilance Department of the State of Bihar ceased to have jurisdiction to investigate the case against him.
In our opinion, neither of the judgments relied upon by Shri Mukherjee help the cause of his client.
In the face of lack of any other evidence, it is unsafe to convict the accused.
Anil (accused No.1) asked him, 'he is defaming him as liquor addict person'.
It is situated between 11 degree 46 'to 12 degree 30' North Latitude and 79 degree 36 'to 79 degree 53' East Longitude.
As a leading agency in all international initiatives UNESCO Education for All goals is to get the force and unity.
It was clear that politics did not interest him as a career.
Such request will be granted only once. Regarding item no. (c), (d) and (e), such request for change in excess of 10% of the total strength of group shall not be granted.
It must be used to preserve citizens’ right to have a fair trial of their causes and that the proceedings arecarried in an atmosphere 99 free of all prejudice or prepossession.
The complainant further alleges that the act of the accused persons also amounted to mischief with the Board properties as enunciated in Section 3(2a) of Act III/84 and as such lawful action may be taken against the accused person under the aforesaid sections.
As per record, when the incident occurred all the forest officers were found to be without weapons.
Security from oppression and an opportunity to lead a dignified life is an issue of existence for Dalits and the other marginalized.
The applications filed by the parties are signed by the parties and their respective counsel and is also supported by the affidavits of the parties.
The process and method of recruitment of those employees, their eligibility conditions for appointment, nature of job done by those employees etc. is entirely different from the employees of these schools.
I hope the Education Department of Government of Delhi will take this initiative forward and make Delhi a Clean and Green City.
Referring to certain passages from Babulal Parate2, it was submitted that ‘clear and present danger’ test which was applied by US Courts in such cases was not applicable in the Indian context and the correct test as applied by this Court was that of ‘apprehension of breach of peace’ test.
Thus, fair trial must be accorded to every accused in the spirit of the right to life and personal liberty and the accused must get a free and fair, just and reasonable trial on the charge imputed in a criminal case.
Thus, fair trial must be accorded to every accused in the spirit of the right to life and personal liberty and the accused must get a free and fair, just and reasonable trial on the charge imputed in a criminal case.
Satisfactory physical conditions of work such as ventilation, temperature balance, lighting and surroundings, etc. will help to remove workers irritation or stress at work.
The progression of life takes its toll on the human body and the mind.
The relaxation even if granted in a general manner would ensure to the benefit of individual officers.
In the case of the State of Punjab, the defence of the State was that a reduced rate of sales tax was imposed to boost the electronics manufacturing industry and to stop existing industrial units shifting to neighbouring states, particularly having regard to “the prevailing peculiar circumstances of Punjab .
Their Lordships regard the use of precedent as an indispensable foundation upon which to decide what is the law and its application to individual cases.
As to the stage of the decision, the commercial judges insist on frank and early disclosure of relevant (but only relevant) documents.
The witness has further deposed that his son and daughter Kamala were sleeping around the place but Kamala was found missing in the morning.
The acts committed by the appellant (A-41) do not reveal that the same were being done for the purpose of furthering the object of the conspiracy.
The acts committed by the appellant (A-41) do not reveal that the same were being done for the purpose of furthering the object of the conspiracy.
You are always complaining.
In addition, due to unbearable mental agony after confirmation of death sentence, petitioner No.1 attempted suicide.
The Akshaya Patra program through which ISKCON is providing mid-day meals to nearly 1.4 lakh children in 2160 schools in Mathura District for the last decade is a noble initiative indeed.
When bulls are not afraid, they stand still and engage in normal behaviour to the species, such as grazing, chewing cud, lying down or grooming.
In his banquet speech the President said that he was confident that the agreements their Governments had signed would further strengthen their partnership – which already is an example of mutually beneficial, South-South Cooperation.
The trial court pointed out that the statement of PW-8 clearly suggested that the prosecutrix was forcefully raped by the respondent and as a result of that her hymen was ruptured and her external anal sphincter was also torn.
It is, therefore, to be borne in mind is that the occupation of education cannot be treated at par with other economic activities.
Welcoming HE Daw Aung San Suu Kyi on her first State Visit to India, the President said that India and Myanmar are close neighbours and have a good long standing relationship with each other.
According to learned counsel, the landowners’ appeals were liable to be dismissed whereas the State's appeals deserved to be allowed by the High Court by setting aside the award of the Reference Court.
For different reasons, various provisions of this Act were amended from time to time.
The majority took note of the American decision in Wolf v. Colorado, 338 US 25 wherein it was held that State lacks the authority to sanction “incursion into privacy  of citizens.
Therefore, 25% deduction made by the Reference Court and approved by the High Court under two different heads is legally unsustainable.
In an effective democracy, its members should be willing to accept law and lawful authority.
After institution of the original suit by the plaintiff for specific performance and permanent injunction against the defendant Nos.1-4, the vendors who were served with the suit summons and notices, remained absent and unrepresented in the proceedings, and therefore they were placed ex-parte.
The learned Sessions Judge has at some length dissected the evidence, spun out contradictions and unnatural conduct, and tested with precision the time and sequence of the events connected with the crime, all on the touchstone of the medical evidence and the post-mortem certificate.
Noida shall have the first charge towards the pending payment in respect of plot/flat allotted/lease rent/taxes or any other charges as informed or levied by the Authority on the plot and the banks/financial institutions/HUDCO New Delhi, shall have the second charge on the dwelling units thus being financed.
Keeping in mind this perspective, we need to look into clause (b) of sub-rule (2) of Rule 9 which deals with loading, unloading and handling charges associated with the delivery of imported goods at the place of importation, which are to be included to arrive at the value of such imported goods.
This is apart from the statements which were taken from the Doctors who treated the daughter of the second respondent/complainant.
This is apart from the statements which were taken from the Doctors who treated the daughter of the second respondent/complainant.
Only the continued detention becomes invalid.
He prepared discharge card (Exh.99).
Since the UN Declaration of Human Rights of 1948, to which India is a signatory, the concept of bail has found a place within the scope of human rights.
Thereafter, HGML filed a writ petition in the Karnataka High Court.
Thus, it was under consideration of the Government to bring simplification by applying the procedure of valuation based on jantri by making change in existing valuation procedure and by putting into force one resolution in this regard instead of different resolutions.
Thus, it was under consideration of the Government to bring simplification by applying the procedure of valuation based on jantri by making change in existing valuation procedure and by putting into force one resolution in this regard instead of different resolutions.
Keeping in mind the increase in the cost of living, the State Government increased the quantum of pension and even pay for its employees.
It is time that the Criminal Justice System takes note of these principles of Indian Constitution and legislate on the subject suitably.
There are numerous inter account transfers showing that all accounts put together were treated as one account.
It is open to legislate recovery mechanism without interference of Civil Court.
Since there is shortage of space, pre-trial disposal process has been initiated to decrease congestion in godowns.
The University’s efforts at providing an academic framework to these issues would significantly contribute to the understanding of our policy makers and the formulation of effective schemes.
VAT is the indirect tax on the consumption of the goods, paid by its original producers upon the change in goods or upon the transfer of the goods to its ultimate consumers.
They seek time for the purpose.
It proposes to provide for electoral reforms.
While reading down IPC, the Division Bench of the High Court overlooked that a miniscule fraction of the country’s population constitute lesbians, gays, bisexuals or transgenders and in last more than 150 years less than 200 persons have been prosecuted (as per the reported orders) for committing offence under IPC and this cannot be made sound basis for declaring that section ultra vires the provisions of Articles 14, 15 and 21 of the Constitution.
Accused Nos.2 and 3 were alleged to be holding stick and stone respectively in their hands.
As stated by the appellant, the appellant has been manufacturing tractors from 1965 onwards.
As stated by the appellant, the appellant has been manufacturing tractors from 1965 onwards.
We propose to enhance our engagement in the sectors where our interests converge – such as human resource development, capacity building, healthcare, affordable, clean and renewable energy, adaptation measures for disaster management and infrastructure development.
Within a period of 10 days of the receipt of such demand notice or copy of invoice, the corporate debtor must bring to the notice of the operational creditor the existence of a dispute and/or the record of the pendency of a suit or arbitration proceeding filed before the receipt of such notice or invoice in relation to such dispute [].
The Appellate Tribunal took the view that what was obligatory on the Board was to provide parity of pay scales of its employees with those of the State Government at the time when the transfer of the Electricity Board took place.
We direct the Noida and Greater Noida Authorities to take appropriate action to do the needful in the matter.
The learned counsel for the appellant contended that the dying declaration should not have been relied upon by the Trial Court and the High Court.
In the context of the National Telecom Policy, 1994, which amongst other things, stresses on achieving the universal service, bringing the quality of telecom services to world standards, provisions of wide range of services to meet the customers demand at reasonable price, and participation of the companies registered in India in the area of basic as well as value added telecom services as also making arrangements for protection and promotion of consumer interest and ensuring fair competition, there is a felt need to separate regulatory functions from service providing functions which will be in keeping with the general trend in the world.
In addition to the permanent residence and addresses of the respondent the present address of the respondent at which service of the notice may be effected, shall be stated in the petition.
These conditions may be that a person shall make himself available to the Investigating Officer as and when required and shall not do anything to hamper investigation.
From the Statement of Objects and Reasons for introduction of Section 438 of the Code, it is apparent that the framers of the Code on the basis of recommendation of the Law Commission purported to evolve a device by which a citizen is not forced to face disgrace at the instance of influential persons who try to implicate their rivals in false cases; but the Law Commission, at the same time, had also issued a note of caution that such power should not be exercised in a routine manner.
The disciplinary committee of the BCCI had jurisdiction to form its own opinion after considering the evidence on record including the telephone conversation between Sreesanth and Jiju Janardhan and other evidence on the record.
The disciplinary committee of the BCCI had jurisdiction to form its own opinion after considering the evidence on record including the telephone conversation between Sreesanth and Jiju Janardhan and other evidence on the record.
It is in these premises that we allow the Appeal.
The large distance between `may be’ true and `must be’ true, must be covered by way of clear, cogent and unimpeachable evidence produced by the prosecution, before an accused is condemned as a convict, and the basic and golden rule must be applied.
In a message to His Highness Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani, the Emir of the State of Qatar, the President has said, 'I am pleased to extend to Your Highness and to the friendly people of the State of Qatar warm greetings and heartiest felicitations on the occasion of the Your National Day.
Following the renewal of 88 mining leases, the State of Goa requested the MoEF by letters dated 7th January, 2015 and 5th February, 2015 to lift the abeyance order of 14th September, 2012 on the environmental clearances.
Later on, memorandum dated 6.9.2013 was received from the DFS seeking his clarification on the subject matter.
Mere demand by itself is not sufficient to establish the offence.
In addition to the consideration zone described above, the Committee decided to establish another category-wise benchmark for Lectureship Eligibility, i.e. aggregate percentage of all the three papers.
In addition to the consideration zone described above, the Committee decided to establish another category-wise benchmark for Lectureship Eligibility, i.e. aggregate percentage of all the three papers.
The Trial Court opined that the appellant/plaintiff had failed to prove the execution of the suit agreements.
Karnataka has become the Information Technology (IT) powerhouse of India.
The objective in prescribing minimum standards is to provide a benchmark of the calibre and quality of education being imparted by various educational institutions in the entire country.
Dry flower production involves two important steps.
Thus when the obligation was upon the appellant to obtain such a policy, merely by passing of a cheque to be sent to the insurance company would not obviate his liability to obtain such policy.
Thus when the obligation was upon the appellant to obtain such a policy, merely by passing of a cheque to be sent to the insurance company would not obviate his liability to obtain such policy.
Rising household incomes have shifted human consumption from maize to other cereals like rice and wheat.
India accounts for a meager 2. 4 per cent of the world surface area of 135. 79 million sq km. Yet, it supports and sustains a whopping 16. 7 per cent of the world population.
Stem cell transplantation is rarely used for people older than 65, because it is much less likely to be successful and side effects are much more likely to be fatal.
The Amendment Rules applicable to reporting entities and the legitimate aim sought to be achieved by the State that is conclusive identification of a natural person or the beneficial owner.
Land Revenue Act, 1317F and only a show cause notice has been issued.
It was also asserted, that the procedure and conditions for appointment of Judges, were also not prescribed.
The proper law of the underlying contract is the law governing the contract which creates the substantive rights and obligations of the parties with regard to the contract.
Any citizen can request for information by making an application in writing or through electronic means in English / Hindi / official language of the areas, in which the application is being made together with the prescribed fees.
In domestic relations matters, the right of one parent to visit children of the marriage under order of the court.
In domestic relations matters, the right of one parent to visit children of the marriage under order of the court.
The Committee will be at liberty to take technical assistance from any quarter which may be facilitated by the State of Meghalaya.
The State of Meghalaya has filed additional affidavit dated 06.04.2019 of Commissioner and Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Mining and Geology Department, where details of assessments made by committees appointed by the State of Meghalaya has been brought on the record.
If the administration of the national capital is divided into rigid compartments of State field and Union field, conflicts are likely to arise in several vital matters, particularly if the two Governments are run by different political parties.
This Court held that the conclusion reached by the disciplinary authority should prevail and the High Court should not have interfered with the conclusion.
While there may be no lack of legislative competence with the Parliament to make provision for direct appeal to the Supreme Court from orders of Tribunals but the legislative competence is not the only parameter of constitutionality.
This Court also noticed that Ayodhya is said to be of particular significance to the Hindus as a place of pilgrimage because of the ancient belief that Lord Rama was born there.
We must also remember that the accused and the deceased were good friends.
Swaraj Abhiyan says that the figure is between 40 crores and above 50 crores that is about at least 1/3rd of our population.
Therefore, without taking a plea of unjust enrichment either in the writ petition or before this Court, we are not inclined to allow him to argue the plea at the time of argument and entertain such a plea, particularly, in view of the fact that the respondents did not have any notice of such a plea taken for the first time at argument stage.
The 2nd Administrative Reforms Commission Report of 2006 has also observed that this Act is outdated.
Before us, learned counsel for the appellants relying upon of the M.V. Act, contended that there is an admitted transfer of ownership of the vehicle as proved before the Commissioner.
The political masters as well as the civil servants responsible for running the administration were satisfied with doing what appears to be a cover up job and this approach of theirs stood in the way of collection of adequate evidence required to prove the case against the persons responsible for the perpetration of the crime.
The fatality is pronounced by stating that the said proceedings shall be deemed to have lapsed, and the appropriate Government, if it so chooses, shall, in this game of snakes and ladders, start all over again.
At this stage, we may mention some rather frightening figures mentioned by the CEC in its final report.
The application was allowed against which the appellant filed revision.
It is well settled that the onus lies heavily on the election petitioner to make out a strong case for setting aside an election.
For the same reason, the motion of no confidence against the appellant, in law, could not have proceeded further.
The Indian festival season extending from September to December is the peak consumption period for almonds, with maximum demand witnessed in November.
Among the migrants who are vulnerable, the Internally Displaced People (IDPs) deserve mention.
In the case in hand, the arbitration proceedings started way back in 2009 long before 2015 came into force and therefore, 2015 is not applicable to the case in hand.
It is essentially based on adequate contributions from the members of the fund.
The Indian Copyright Act, 1957 was comprehensively amended in 1994 taking into account the technological developments.
According to the appellants, though there is no requirement under Section 13 of the Act for a notice and hearing while issuing a notification for the first time under Section 13(1) of the Act, when there is a change in the slab reducing the exempted area, the affected persons are entitled to notice.
We do not find any force in the submission advanced by Shri D.K. Garg that it was not a fit case where the High Court ought to have reversed the well reasoned judgment of acquittal as it was based on evidence on record.
At the stage of granting bail a detailed examination of evidence and elaborate documentation of the merits of the case has not to be undertaken.
At the stage of granting bail a detailed examination of evidence and elaborate documentation of the merits of the case has not to be undertaken.
Under the Agreement there was an obligation on the part of the respondent to transmit the authentic CLI for the purpose of levy of charges in terms of Agreement.
Ultimately, this Court directed the CBI “to unearth the larger conspiracy .
In the interpretation of a constitutional document, ‘words are but the framework of concepts and concepts may change more than words themselves’.
CANFINA was not a party to the arbitration agreement, and cannot be joined as a party to proceedings.
Several studies by economists estimate that candidates and parties in the 2009 general elections alone spent roughly $3 billion on campaign expenditures.  Huge election expenses have also resulted into large-scale pervasiveness of so-called ‘black money’.  The Law Commission has earlier also expressed the concern of election expenses being far greater than legal limits.
The Protocol requires State Parties to set up a visiting body or bodies for the prevention of torture and abuse (known as the national preventive mechanism) within one year after the coming into effect of the Convention for the State Party concerned. !® The right to freedom from torture includes the following rights and obligations:!9 (1) the right of individuals to be protected by the State from torture by its agents; (2) the State’s duty to prosecute torturers; and, (3) the right of individuals not to be returned or extradited to another State where they may have the risk of being tortured.
On 5.12.1999 while she was coming back at about 5-6 p.m. the appellant who is also the resident of the same village and who is related to her as brother in village relation caught hold of her and started dragging her towards the lonely place in the bushes and committed rape.
But the High Court and the Tribunal wrongly held that the multiplier of 15 will be applicable.
The President planted a sapling at the venue and took a round of the pitch.
5) It was on this basis the CCI directed further investigation in the matter.
Cooperative Societies are almost defunct or not funding for investment activities.
By constructing recharge shaft in tanks, surplus water can be recharged to ground water.
Statutory power conferred for public purposes is conferred as it were upon trust, no absolutely - that is to say, it can validly be used only in the right and proper way which Parliament when conferring it is presumed to have intended.
They thus, reiterated that the temple was their exclusive private property from the time of their grand-father.
The defendants have denied the said contention of the plaintiffs.
Subject to the provisions of sub-rule (2), a question may be asked for the purpose of obtaining information on a matter of public importance within the special cognizance of the Minister to whom it is addressed.
It is located at the borders of Assam and Meghalaya, 112 - km away from Haflong.
Any time after the creation of the contractual tenancy, the landlord may determine the contractual tenancy, allowing the tenant to continue to remain in possession of the premises, hoping for an early death of the tenant, so that on the death of a tenant he can immediately proceed to institute the proceeding for recovery and recover possession of the premises as a matter of course, because the heirs would not have any right to remain in occupation and would not enjoy the protection of the Act.
The respondent Nos.1 and 2 submitted their application as prospective adoptive parents living in India.
In the absence of that, it may not be permissible for a court to deduce any proposition as that would defeat the legitimacy of reasoning.
In the absence of that, it may not be permissible for a court to deduce any proposition as that would defeat the legitimacy of reasoning.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has extended his greetings and felicitations to the Government and people of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago on the eve of their National Day (August 31, 2016).
Similar deviation from auction cannot be ruled out when the object of a State policy is to promote domestic development of an industry, like in Kasturi Lal case21discussed above.
Therefore, as a proposition of law, we are not inclined to accept the prayer of the Union of India and the other respondents, for a re-look or review of the judgments rendered in the Second and Third Judges cases.
In addition, it also releases information, as and when required, through occasional publications, such as, studies and reports.
Learned counsel for the respondents supported the order of the High Court and contends that when one member who heard the matter on 16.10.2014 was not available, no decision could have been taken by the State Transport Authority.
State of Maharashtra11, in particular, paragraph 11 of the reported decision wherein the Court observed that it is well settled that the accused has no right to be heard at the stage of investigation.
The non - official members are invariably members of all such Committees.
A white blast injury tearing of the skin cub-cutaneous tissue and partly of quadriceps muscle covering almost entire half of left thigh with profused bleeding a doubtful fracture of left femur.
The need for such an Academy was_ recognised at the Joint Conference of Chief Justices, Chief Ministers and Law Ministers held on 31st August — Ist September, 1985 in New Delhi and a resolution almost to the same effect was passed.
It would seem that in fiscal and regulatory matters the court not only entertains a greater presumption of constitutionality but also places the burden on the party challenging its validity to show that it has no reasonable basis for making the classification.
The objective was to create assets in the closely held companies and leave the home buyers on the road.
The duty to disclose material facts continues right up to the conclusion of the contract and also implies any material alteration in the character of the risk which may take place between the proposal and its acceptance.
Likewise, even by amendment primacy of judiciary in appointment of judges cannot be excluded.
This is highly impractical and hence not feasible.
Therefore, the petitioners submitted that biased and motivated investigation by the police is clear and manifest and done with the sole purpose of shielding the accused.
Secondly, the Judicial Council is a separate entity and it cannot exercise the powers of the Chief Justice of India or Chief Justice of a High Court.
The objections to legalizing active euthanasia are based on religious principles, professional and ethical aspects and the fear of misuse.
Number of children given mid day meal.
In these villages, the valuation was found to be more than double as compared to villages Bas Kusla, Bas Haria and Dhana.
In the circumstances, if there is no categorical statement in the affidavit of the detaining authority that she had independently considered the representation, she cannot be faulted for it.
In the circumstances, if there is no categorical statement in the affidavit of the detaining authority that she had independently considered the representation, she cannot be faulted for it.
Selection of species ratio generally depends upon the local condi¬tions, seed availability, nutrient status of pond, etc.
This observation is significant for two reasons: Firstly, it recognizes the obvious distinction between a temporary Act and an Ordinance.
In the result, this appeal succeeds and is hereby allowed.
The above determination at the hands of the Co- operative Tribunal, besides being perverse, is also totally unacceptable in law.
The predecessor of the appellant, the Andhra Pradesh State Electricity Board, in May, 1995 invited bids for establishing short gestation gas/Naphtha/fuel oil based power stations to bridge the demand supply gap of power in the State of Andhra Pradesh.
By the 42nd Amendment of the Constitution, adopted in 1976, Fundamental Duties of the citizens have also been enumerated.
It had merely financed the purchase of these assets and was neither the owner nor user of these assets.
On 25.08.2007, they again went to the police station Dharampur and at about 11.00-11.30 a.m; at the time Anant Ram (PW-3) received a phone call from Nek Ram informing that the dead body of deceased Meena Devi was found hanging from a tree at Ghat Bahu forest.
As the evidence with regard to the affairs of the six firms in whose names large tracts of properties had been purchased and deposits made, has been dilated upon hereto before, the same does not warrant further elaboration.
The contention of the learned Additional Advocate General for the State that in view of the concurrent findings on facts recorded by the trial Court and confirmed by the High Court, this Court should not interfere with such findings, unless there is substantial question of law involved.
This clearance could be granted only if the officers concerned were fully satisfied after an inspection of the cinema premises that the same was indeed safe for use as a place for exhibition of cinematographs.
The conversion price will be determined taking into account the valuation laid down by SEBI guidelines.
His deposition in paragraph No.6 in examination-in-chief shows that police came to know that mobile calls were being made from Bhiwandi Zone, District Thane.
This principle is based on the norm that in a society governed by the rule of law, the court will not presume that private titles are overridden in favour of the state, in the absence of a clear case being made out on the basis of a governing statutory provision.
After such a finding it would not be open to the Court to see as to who actually did the offensive act or require the prosecution to prove which of the members did which of the offensive acts.
It is further held that the validity of the proceedings inside the Legislature of a State cannot be called in question on the allegation that the procedure laid down by the law has not been strictly followed and that no Court can go into those questions which are within the special jurisdiction of the Legislature itself, which has the power to conduct its own business.
Even after conviction, the Commons can pardon the accused.
It is alleged by the present respondent (husband) that his wife used to send him e-mails which were derogatory and in bad taste.
It is alleged by the present respondent (husband) that his wife used to send him e-mails which were derogatory and in bad taste.
The brothers of the deceased have stated on oath that Rs.60,000/- were demanded for the appellant’s business and for that amount the deceased was harassed and treated with cruelty.
Liberty was also given to Defendant to sell the mortgaged property to the satisfaction of loan amount, in case of failure of Plaintiffs to pay the award amount.
It is believed that one’s sexuality is the result of a complex interplay between nature and nurture.
The prosecution has brought to our notice that the identification parade dated 25.03.1993 was conducted at Sacred Hearts High School by Ram S. Bhosale (PW-460), who conducted the parade in compliance with the provisions. PW-460 also recognized Exh.1471, i.e., memorandum panchnama prepared during the parade.
A harmonious blend of buildings, well wooded forests, conspicuous tree species, leisure valley, gardens and such other green belts are the fascinating features of the city.
However, even this understanding fell through, and on 07.09.2017, Ericsson issued a letter to the three Reliance Companies, terminating the agreement between them, and calling upon them to pay the outstanding amount in full.
Same is the case here and, therefore, I read the Rule to the Scheme.
We need to work together to maximize the potential of our economic cooperation.
He not only abused the faith reposed in him by the PW4, but also exploited the innocence and helplessness of a child as young as five years of age.
We did not get any satisfactory reply.
The various amendments made to as well the Objects and Reasons of the Maharashtra Act XIX of 1976 would clearly indicate that the intention of the legislature was to avoid unnecessary delay, expense and hardship to the suitor or else they have to move from the one court to the other not only on the question of jurisdiction but also getting reliefs.
Except the above observations, the three-Judge Bench has nowhere discarded Machhi Singh (supra).
To deprive a suitor in a pending action of an appeal to a superior tribunal which belonged to him as the right is a very different thing from regulating procedure.
To deprive a suitor in a pending action of an appeal to a superior tribunal which belonged to him as the right is a very different thing from regulating procedure.
At the hearing, counsel for Apotex submitted that, in the pharmaceutical industry, the only party that would ever attempt to obtain a selection patent would be the genus patent holder.
Court the non-forestry uses are prohibited.
This he usually does in the form of the protest petition. , a learned Judge of the High Court of Orissa, took the view that a protest petition is in the nature of a complaint and should be examined in accordance with provisions.
Accordingly, these appeals are allowed.
Accordingly, these appeals are allowed.
There is no specific information with regard to two complaints and we leave it to the investigating team to ascertain from the NHRC the result of these complaints.
He (PW-2) sat in the tempo and they followed Tiger Memon (AA) and reached Shekhadi Coast at 9 p.m. The smuggled goods had already arrived at the Coast.
When he asked Dawood whether those were the silver bricks, he was told that it was “Kala Sabun .
It will prevent competitors from copying or imitating a company’s products or services.
It was held by this Court as follows: In this context, it is pointed out that the NSAP Scheme of the Government of India provided for a total budget of ₹ 9975 crores for covering over 3 crore below poverty line beneficiaries exclusively.
Although, the plain language of Section 48(1) does not give any indication of the manner or mode in which the power/discretion to withdraw from the acquisition of any land is required to be exercised, having regard to the scheme of Parts II and VII of the 1894 Act, which postulates publication of notification under Section 4(1), declaration under Section 6 and agreement under Section 42 in the Official Gazette as a condition for valid acquisition of the land for any public purpose or for a company, it is reasonable to take the view that withdrawal from the acquisition, which may adversely affect the public purpose for which, or the company on whose behalf the acquisition is proposed, can be done only by issuing a notification in the Official Gazette.
When the proceedings together with the report of CAG were taken up by this Court an order dated 17 May 2018 was passed, accepting two objections of WPL to the CAG report: firstly, WPL was held to be entitled to interest at 6 per cent on the entire investment, which includes share capital; and secondly, losses accrued not as a result of the business were not required to be deducted.
India requires 210 MT of crude oil annually, and 75% of it is imported. Burning fossil fuels cause great amount of environmental pollution.
Executive Branch - The President of India is the Head of the State, while the Prime Minister is the Head of the Government, and runs office with the support of the Council of Ministers who form the Cabinet Ministry.
The article confers immunity inter alia in respect of “anything said ….
Under Section 22 the Metropolitan Council could make recommendations, on certain matters, insofar as they related to Delhi.
We are unable to agree with the contention of the learned counsel for the petitioners that the impugned notification had the effect of preventing or hindering the free movement of goods from one State to another.
It was held that the name of the financer was incorporated in the registration book as owner.
We have to keep in mind that by the impugned judgment, the appellant is convicted of an offence under read with of I.P.C.
If a policeman is given an illegal order by any superior to do a fake ‘encounter’, it is his duty to refuse to carry out such illegal order, otherwise he will be charged for murder, and if found guilty sentenced to death.
We shall discuss discretely the aforesaid prayers in the ensuing paragraphs.
This witness and Harcharan had requested Ramjilal not to use the abusive language, then these two witnesses were also threatened by Ramjilal.
In the writ petition filed before the High Court, a preliminary objection was raised on behalf of appellant nos.2 and 3 with regard to maintainability of the petition.
Along with the appellant, seven other persons also faced the trial.
If the number of disputes coming before the Gram Nyayalaya set up for a Taluka/Tehsil are not sufficient to keep it engaged fuil-time, the State Government with the approval of the High Court may enlarge the jurisdiction of a Gram Nyayalaya to extend over more than one Tehsil.
It is also alleged that the report of the Director General of Police is completely silent on the callous handling of the scene of crime and the initial investigation steps.
The joint statement that has been filed has been signed in the Court by the learned counsel for the promoters as well as by learned counsel for the authorities and the flat buyers, is placed on record and made part of this order as “Annexure-A .
Equality of opportunity is not simply a matter of legal equality.
There is no need to mention the name of the ship, income from which is computed on deemed tonnage basis.
A priest who neglects to certify a marriage or to transmit its copy to the Marriage Registrar will be guilty of an offence punishable with simple imprisonment up to three months, or with fine up to a hundred rupees, or with both.
The relevant portion of the said report has been extracted in paragraph 17 of the impugned decision of the Ministry.
The present appeals raise an interesting question as to whether, when the seat of arbitration is Mumbai, an exclusive jurisdiction clause stating that the courts at Mumbai alone would have jurisdiction in respect of disputes arising under the agreement would oust all other courts including the High Court of Delhi, whose judgment is appealed against.
The Agricultural Sector contributed 23. 4% to the GDP during the Ninth Five Year Plan period.
Further, the Secretary of the Union of India, Ministry of Health and Social Welfare shall be personally responsible for monitoring and overseeing the progress and action taken by the Central Coordination Committee in respect of establishments registered under the 1995 Act and under the control of the Central Government.
Second, how the expression ‘inter se suitability’ is to be construed, i.e. whether it should be understood as choosing a ‘more suitable’ officer for appointment as DGsMS.
In most cases the prisoner is unconscious in about a minute after the Sodium thiopental has been injected and is dead in around eight minutes, with no obvious signs of physical suffering.
Learned counsel further submits that the progeny of Bhana was consisting of one son and three daughters from the first wife since deceased and another daughter alongwith widow from the second marriage.
Learned counsel further submits that the progeny of Bhana was consisting of one son and three daughters from the first wife since deceased and another daughter alongwith widow from the second marriage.
Even thereafter nobody had chosen to appear on behalf of the petitioner management and it is only when at the stage of recovery the petitioner management got awakened and then preferred the present writ petition.
In India, the system does not have any information about the time required by judges to resolve each type of case.
The Muslim law of inheritance and succession may not have any role to play.
The appellants herein challenged the order of the Administrative Tribunal in Writ Petition No. 355 of 2000 before the Madras High Court.
The constructive use of these billions of minds can free the Indian society from many of the problems which we are facing today.
However, PW3 Kumaraswamy, panch witness has testified that after being summoned by PW4 Inspector Santosh Kumar on 18.2.2000, the contents of Exh.P1 were explained to him in the presence of the complainant and he accompanied the complainant to the house of the accused, wherein, the complainant gave the sum of Rs.500/- to the accused as illegal gratification.
Prosecution has clearly established that, after subjecting the boy to Pederasty, he was strangulated to death.
Further, it is settled law at least since 1975 that the word 'income' would include within it both profits as well as losses.
Also the detainer of a man’s person by virtue of lawful process or authority.
The report also shows how the body travelled from Lady Hardinge Medical College to the Civil Hospital.
(4) At the same time, one cannot ignore the fact that it is usually the accused who is interested in delaying the proceedings.
(4) At the same time, one cannot ignore the fact that it is usually the accused who is interested in delaying the proceedings.
When the period prescribed is a calendar month running from any arbitrary date the period expires with the day in the succeeding month immediately preceding the day corresponding to the date upon which the period starts; save that, if the period starts at the end of a calendar month which contains more days than the next succeeding month, the period expires at the end of the latter month.
Vide order dated 16.06.2017, this Court issued notice and stayed surrender of Anil Kumar Yadav (A4).
A post card or newspaper article has been sufficient to trigger the intervention of the Courts in support of individual rights.
I told the police what happened.
A man should not put his ego or, for that matter, masculinity on a pedestal and abandon the concept of civiliaty.
A man should not put his ego or, for that matter, masculinity on a pedestal and abandon the concept of civiliaty.
He thus cannot be linked at all with the common object of A1 to A6 who had hatched a separate conspiracy.
The growth rate in the agriculture sector has been a mere 2.7% in the last financial year.
Fifthly, based on the documents placed on the record, it was clear, that the offer of Rs.75 crores made by the tenant-members, was in fact made by a rival builder, namely, Mr. B.Y. Chavan (who was duly impleaded before the High Court).
Conviction of the appellants under IPC and the sentence imposed on them is set aside and this appeal is allowed.
The plaintiff, therefore, cannot be said to have omitted to sue for any right.
Colleges were and are still being established by individuals, societies, trusts, etc.
Therefore, it is important that capacities of communities are built to observe, understand and prepare themselves for the worst impact.
There appears to be no reason to exclude it while determining the value of the goods.
The presumption is without any factual basis.
This industry generates sizeable employment in the farm sector directly as well as through ancillary industries and related activities.
Insofar as the appeal of the Nuclear Power Corporation is concerned, apart from the common grounds of challenge as in the case of the builders, it is contended that no commercial exploitation of the excavated earth was involved in the process of repair/widening of the water channel; there was no sale or transfer of the excavated earth and the same was the incidental result of the process of repair/widening of the channel which is an activity in consonance with the grant of the land to the appellant by the State Government.
Section 2(1) of the Act imputes criminal liability for complicity in another’s suicide.
Sub-section (2) of enjoins that a party wanting to raise a plea that the Arbitral Tribunal does not have jurisdiction, has to raise that objection not later than the submission of the statement of defence, and that the party shall not be precluded from raising the plea of jurisdiction merely because he has appointed or participated in the appointment of an arbitrator.
Where the agreement between the parties does not prohibit grant of interest and where a party claims interest and the said dispute is referred to the arbitrator, he shall have the power to award interest pendent elite.
Thereafter, Jagsir Singh struck him again with the reverse side of the weapon.
The High Court has doubted and in fact disbelieved the recovery of clothes at the instance of the appellant, and has remarked that the evidence of such recovery was fabricated and false.
The Government of India was compelled to grant permission on the conditional basis that too in view of the direction issued by the Oversight Committee.
It is further stated that the claimant was not instrumental for increase in cost but due to the interference of the Hon'ble Supreme Court.
In the present case, permission was applied for and rejected by the Labour Commissioner as well as the office of the Joint Director of Industries on 02.03.2006 and 28.02.2006 respectively.
It will be sufficient to say that upon the language of Section 12(2) both the constructions are possible, but the one adopted by the majority of the courts, appears to be more consistent with justice and good sense.
Finding has also been recorded about the circumstances preceding the public offer and the conduct of the acquirer which is based on record.
It is, therefore, imperative to conclude that the framers of the Constitution while drafting of the Constitution, were clear and unanimous in their view, that there need to be a judiciary, separated from the influences of the executive.
The Original Application has been dismissed by the Tribunal by the Tribunal holding that no mala fide against any officer and much against the one who has issued the charge-sheet has been established.
If such fact does not exist, a court, tribunal or authority cannot act.
It is the freedom of choice of two consenting adults to perform sex for procreation or otherwise and if their choice is that of the latter, it cannot be said to be against the order of nature.
Since the period covered relates to August, 1996, to March, 2001, we need to see the provisions of Rule 57F of the Central Excise Rules, 1944 (hereinafter referred to as 'Rules') as it existed in three different periods.
It is heartening to know that there are over thirty centres dedicated to research in areas like peace and conflict resolution, women’s studies, media and governance, north-east studies, dalit and minority studies, and comparative religions and civilization.
On the other hand, enquiry has been taken up and after completing the same, complaint petition has been filed by the PW-4, facilitating the trial, meeting with the ultimate result, subject matter of instant appeal.
Every company should be headed by an effective board, which is collectively responsible for the success of the company.
From the date the Constitution was adopted, i.e., 26th January, 1950, a Red Letter Day in the history of India, the nation stood as a silent witness to corruption at high places.
In the said suits, respondents No.12 to 16 have challenged the revocation of the trusts and sought for recovery of the property that are vested in the public charity through the five trusts set up by MPB and PDB and the said suits are pending.
With huge tract of land in the country falling under arid and semi-arid climatic region, Watershed Management is the only viable option to harness production requirement in the agricultural sector especially in the rain fed unirrigated areas of the Country.
These and other objections necessitate that a specific statutory provision must be made imposing a mandatory duty on hospitals and doctors to treat persons who are injured in accidents or who are in other medical emergencies.
This reminds us of what we can achieve, as a nation, if women are fully empowered, and if their skills and talent are optimally utilised.
They wish to accord a quietus to their disputes.
The court must look at the impression which other people have.
Mr. Irshad Ahmad, learned Additional Advocate General appearing for the respondent-State submitted that without evidence of their complicity in the crime, there is no reason as to why PW-1 Ram Singh, the hotel manager or the police personnel would implicate two foreign nationals who came to India as tourists.
That conclusion is arrived at while interpreting the provisions of Section 2(a) of the COI Act.
Section 10 permits the Judge or Magistrate or other person hearing an application for leave under sec 8 or 9 to impose conditions as to security for costs, etc.
After service of notice, if the borrower raises any objection or places facts for consideration of the secured creditor, such reply to the notice must be considered with due application of mind and the reasons for not accepting the objections, howsoever brief they may be, must be communicated to the borrower.
No person shall be deprived of his property save by authority of law.
It will be left open to the petitioner and her family members to make visit to her at the above institution, subject to regulations if any regarding visiting time.
The prosecution should have examined witnesses from amongst the police personnel or the Police Station to establish that the seven abducted persons were last seen in the custody of the appellants.
The prosecution should have examined witnesses from amongst the police personnel or the Police Station to establish that the seven abducted persons were last seen in the custody of the appellants.
A  (Senior Scale) with that of the post of JCIF.
Learned senior counsel also pointed out that the learned Magistrate as well as the High Court have completely overlooked the context in which the photograph was published and the message it had given to the public at large.
Learned senior counsel also pointed out that the learned Magistrate as well as the High Court have completely overlooked the context in which the photograph was published and the message it had given to the public at large.
They entertained a reasonable suspicion based on the record and other surrounding circumstances and only acted in a bona fide manner in taking the stand that the three big manufacturers formed a cartel.
This was not the first time when such offence was committed by the respondent against the complainant but on a prior occasion also, the respondent had extorted Rs.50,000/- from the complainant by putting the complainant under fear of death.
This was not the first time when such offence was committed by the respondent against the complainant but on a prior occasion also, the respondent had extorted Rs.50,000/- from the complainant by putting the complainant under fear of death.
The submission of the appellant is based on the hypothesis that the promotion of the first respondent is ad-hoc and hence, he is not entitled to consequential seniority in terms of the GR dated 20 March 2003, which speaks of the “regular date of promotion .
Therefore, considering all the facts, circumstances and the established principle of law laid down by this Court, in the present case, sentence of imprisonment for life would meet the ends of justice.
Regulation 2.14 which defined statutory body includes inter alia AICTE and Regulation 8.02 prescribes that the Institution Deemed to be University shall submit a certificate and an undertaking that the professional programmes being conducted by it, if any, have the approval of the relevant statutory/regulatory body.
It is true that in that case it was permissible to the Court to find, as in fact it did, that the fee imposed on the licensees was “more in the nature of a tax than a licence fee .
Approximately 3300 cases have been disposed of by the Adjudicating Authority based on out-of-court settlements between corporate debtors and creditors which themselves involved claims amounting to over INR 1,20,390 crores.
The burden of proof is on the first defendant by producing record to show that the then Assistant Housing Commissioner was only deputed to supervise and conduct auction of the plot as ministerial officer and did not have any authority to accept the bid.
The burden of proof is on the first defendant by producing record to show that the then Assistant Housing Commissioner was only deputed to supervise and conduct auction of the plot as ministerial officer and did not have any authority to accept the bid.
We do not find that the submissions made on behalf of the respondents to the effect that the appellant was merely seeking publicity are without any substance.
We do not find that the submissions made on behalf of the respondents to the effect that the appellant was merely seeking publicity are without any substance.
The Programme seeks to provide an environment which will inspire creative thinking and rejuvenate artistic impulses.
If he searches it at once, as he can at present, there is a chance of his recovering it; but he has to apply for a court’s warrant, giving full details, the delay involved, under Indian conditions of distance and lack of transport in the interior may be fatal.
Pratima Chowdhury had adopted the stance, that the transfer of the above shares was on account of return of loans extended by Pratima Chowdhury to Partha Mukherjee.
Till they avail of this opportunity, the State is at liberty to continue them as Shiksha Mitras on same terms on which they were working prior to their absorption, if the State so decides.
He has admitted not to have seen any of the exhibits pertaining to the case in question namely the firearms, crime cartridges, test cartridges, empty cartridges, etc. nor had any occasion to examine those exhibits under a stereomicroscope.
He has admitted not to have seen any of the exhibits pertaining to the case in question namely the firearms, crime cartridges, test cartridges, empty cartridges, etc. nor had any occasion to examine those exhibits under a stereomicroscope.
Consent of the Judge concerned is not necessary.
He explained that if the specific command is given for header or heading of the call data for the target mobile number, i.e., the mobile number about which the call data is to be generated, the period, the date and the time of generation are printed and in such case, the first column is always the serial number of the calls.
The Court was of the opinion that if the dominant intention of a contract was not to transfer the property in goods, but it was Works Contract, or for that matter, a contract in the nature of rendering of services, even if a part of it related to the transfer of goods, that would be immaterial and no sales tax on the said part could be levied, going by the principle of dominant intention behind such a contract, which was in the nature of Works Contract in the contract relating to construction of buildings.
Some people, especially men, feel that condoms reduce the spontaneity and pleasure of sex. In addition some people are allergic to latex rubber.
It was submitted that as per of the 1996 Act “a person of any nationality may be an arbitrator, unless otherwise agreed by the parties……. .
As per the operational guidelines for NeGP projects circulated by Department of Electronics & Information Technology (DEIT), an Empowered Committee for e - GP MMP was constituted on February 24, 2009 under the chairmanship of Secretary (Commerce).
In order to protect the interest of the coconut growers, the Government has launched the 'Technology Mission on Coconut'.
The same view has been taken by all the Authorities under the Act and also by the High Court in the order under challenge in the present proceedings.
The answer given in the said Section is that, in such cases, production of a properly authenticated copy of the Will would suffice.
It is also necessary to state here that the old order has to give way to the new.
Conversely, section 7(1)(b) is a take off from section 2(3) of the Bribery Act and it is unclear as to what it seeks to convey and cover, especially when the Bribery Act covers private and commercial bribery as well, whereas this amendment is only for actions of public servants.
The expression “nothing contained in this section .. shall apply on and after , coupled with the retention of on the statute book, clearly indicates that the legislature did not want the regime of hybrid companies to lapse w.e.f.
Further transfer/sublease shall be governed by the transfer policy of the Lessor.
Provided that if such principal seat is in a Union territory, the references in articles 219 and 229 to the Governor, Public Service Commission, Legislature and Consolidated Fund of the State shall be construed respectively as references to the President, Union Public Service Commission, Parliament and Consolidated Fund of India.
Per contra, Mr. Brijender Chahar, learned senior counsel appearing for the State has opposed the appeal contending that even if some persons had gathered at the place of occurrence when the appellants were apprehended, nobody was willing to become a witness.
It is essential to begin the instant order by a foreword, in the nature of an explanation.
In the past there had been unabashed interference by the executive in the administration of justice by the subordinate judiciary and this definitely needed to be checked.
In this interim and recently one of former Consultants formerly engaged by the Commission, Shri Kanda Rao, Advocate, A.P. High Court circulated a document on the subject with a copy marked to the Commission.
There are also 'dual - purpose' breeds where females yield a moderate quantity of milk and males are good working bullocks.
Although the charges in a departmental proceedings are not required to be proved like a criminal trial, i.e., beyond all reasonable doubts, we cannot lose sight of the fact that the Enquiry Officer performs a quasi-judicial function, who upon analysing the documents must arrive at a conclusion that there had been a preponderance of probability to prove the charges on the basis of materials on record.
It is further submitted that as held in para (137) of P.A. Inamdar case only if the admission procedure adopted by the private institutions or a group of institutions fails to satisfy the triple test of fairness, transparency and non-exploitativeness, can the State take over the admission procedure by substituting its own procedure; but by the impugned provision in Section 23 and 34 of the Act, 2007 even in the absence of any material to show that the entrance test conducted by the private unaided institution failed to satisfy the triple test, the State had taken over the admission procedure.
If that had been the intention it would have been specifically provided that even where price was the same/uniform all over the country, the cost of transportation was to be added.
If that had been the intention it would have been specifically provided that even where price was the same/uniform all over the country, the cost of transportation was to be added.
Provided that it shall not be necessary to obtain such approval for making any change in the unladen weight of the motor vehicle consequent on the addition or removal of fittings or accessories if such change does not exceed two percent of the weight entered in the certificate of registration.
The learned Judge made various deductions and held that market value of the acquired land would be Re.1 per sq.ft.
India needs to leap to the frontiers of innovative solutions in health care, discovering new cures, harnessing existing and emerging technologies for affordable healthcare, using our abundant heritage of traditional medicines and exploring new paradigms for preventing disease and creating wellness.
While considering the challenge, it was observed that the Constitution sets out principles for an expanding future.
Problem of timely labour - availability.
The bar under , restrained persons (who were not engaged in any collective investment venture upto 25.1.1995), from commencing activities concerning collective investment, till they had obtained a certificate of registration, in consonance with the Collective Investment Regulations.
These awards are given every year in a simple ceremony.
During the pendency of the instant appeal, A16- Subal Samanta, A17- Dulal Samanta and A18-Nentu Dhara have died.
Interaction in Information Technology related matters with International agencies and bodies.
The form should require a reaffirmation that the person executing such directives has made an informed decision.
All persons who are planning to perpetrate ‘honour killing’ should know that the gallows await them .
A perusal of the above case-laws makes it clear that the President/Governor is not bound to hear a petition for mercy before taking a decision on the petition.
The proposal was that each commercial court should have mixed rooms of these jurisdictions and that they will consist of a magistrate and two elected judges as assessors.
In compliance of the said judgment of this Court, a Resolution merging the cadre of BSES with BES was issued on 07.07.2006 and the BSES teachers were granted benefits of the merger, like enhancement of payscale, promotion etc.
It is demonstrated before us that PWD as a class are disentitled to some of the IDENTIFIED POSTS in Groups A and Group B because of the impugned memoranda and the relevant regulations, under which the only mode of appointment to those IDENTIFIED POSTS is through promotion.
It is demonstrated before us that PWD as a class are disentitled to some of the IDENTIFIED POSTS in Groups A and Group B because of the impugned memoranda and the relevant regulations, under which the only mode of appointment to those IDENTIFIED POSTS is through promotion.
Every significant case has an unwritten legend and indelible lesson.
According to the respondents, the status of Podar Mills and resultantly, of the Union of India is that of a tenant at sufferance.
The Economic Survey is a highly admired document for its clarity of thought and objectivity.
Majority of the Judges opined that it does[158].
16) Learned senior counsel for the respondents further submitted that as in the present case, the workmen had refused to grant their consent for the sale, the contract stood frustrated being contingent upon the said condition and, therefore, discretionary remedy of specific performance cannot be granted.
16) Learned senior counsel for the respondents further submitted that as in the present case, the workmen had refused to grant their consent for the sale, the contract stood frustrated being contingent upon the said condition and, therefore, discretionary remedy of specific performance cannot be granted.
The evidence on record is required to be scrutinized and appreciated.
The evidence on record is required to be scrutinized and appreciated.
With respect to the spot map, it has been observed that it would be based on hearsay of witness.
Manikanta appeared in the form of a vision before the King.
It is submitted that the allotment of government house to the employees/officers of the three wings of the government, the Legislature, the Executive and the Judiciary is made under the provisions of allotment of Government Residences (General Pool in Delhi) Rules, 1963 as amended from time to time.
Both words can signify varying degrees depending on the context.
Both words can signify varying degrees depending on the context.
The President, Shri Pranab Mukherjee will open the annual 'Udyanotsav  of the Mughal Gardens of Rashtrapati Bhavan on February 15 at 1045 A.M.
Comparison of the data with authentic past records to understand changes is undertaken.
As of the Prisoners Act, 1900 covered a different field, the Parliament thought it appropriate to bring in the , 1950 (for short, “the 1950 Act ).
The status of petitioner Ryan Augustine Pinto (in CM-M-35002-2017) with regard to the management of the school in which crime was committed is yet to be ascertained.
There are authorities which state that delay and laches extinguish the right to put forth a claim.
It was held by the Disciplinary Authority that the Unit had better medical facilities which could have been availed by the Respondent if he was really suffering from illness.
It was held by the Disciplinary Authority that the Unit had better medical facilities which could have been availed by the Respondent if he was really suffering from illness.
It is true that there is no challenge to the acquisition proceedings.
Gandhiji was not just the Father of our Nation but also the maker of our Nation.
In conformity with this commitment of the Government, the Ministry of Rural Development (External website that opens in a new window) accords foremost priority to development in rural areas and eradication of poverty and hunger from the face of rural India.
Your community represents a cross section of the Indian people.
The names of candidates in the list prepared under sub-rule (2) shall then be arranged in such manner that the candidate shall be arranged in accordance with the quality points specified in appendix.
We may hasten to add that after the affidavits come on record, a date shall be fixed for hearing of the affidavits and pertaining to quantum of sentence if, eventually, the conviction is affirmed.
According to the learned Senior Counsel, the phrase 'shall be admissible in the trial of such person' does not restrict the admissibility only against the maker of the confession.
According to the learned Senior Counsel, the phrase 'shall be admissible in the trial of such person' does not restrict the admissibility only against the maker of the confession.
I have undergone transpubic end to urethroplasty.
In her statement, the complainant/prosecuterix requested the police to take legal action against the appellant-accused.
The report made by the Competent Authority is then placed before the Central Government for appropriate decision and after considering such report and the relevant material on record, if the Central Government is satisfied that such land is required for laying any pipeline for the transport of petroleum or any other mineral, it may declare by Notification in the official gazette that the right of user in the land for laying the pipeline be acquired.
V. Narayanasamy had to address identical letters to all the 21 dissident MLAs, on 6.12.2015, to repudiate their assertion of his support.
Reference to the provisions of and of in Part IV of the Constitution may also be made.
So far, joint sittings of the two Houses have taken place  on three occasions.
Right from 2015, no construction activity has taken place.
Sadaruddin made several efforts to have compromise in the matter.
The said judgment by a Bench of two Judges is, however, contrary to law laid down in earlier larger Bench decisions.
The stand of the respondents is that the report is recommendatory but it was incumbent upon the State of Kerala to act upon the same as that would have reflected an apposite facet of constitutional governance and respect for individual liberty and dignity.
The public announcement referred to in regulation 10 or regulation 11 shall be made by the merchant banker not later than four working days of entering into an agreement for acquisition of shares or voting rights or deciding to acquire shares or voting rights exceeding the respective percentage specified therein .
And in the Indian scenario, as is presently conceived, through the judgments rendered in the Second and Third Judges cases.
In the said appeal the challenge was to a judgment of the Allahabad High Court dated 07.08.2008, by which the High Court directed the Director, Higher Education to give effect to the recommendation made by the U.P. Higher Education Service Commission for the post of Principals in aided / affiliated degree colleges.
PW6 is the panch witness to the recovery of weapon of offence and other dress worn by the accused.
PW6 is the panch witness to the recovery of weapon of offence and other dress worn by the accused.
Effective delivery can be the only way in which we can see smiles on the faces of those affected by disabilities.
377. Unnatural offences.--Whoever voluntarily has carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man, woman or animal, shall be punished with imprisonment for life, or with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine.
Truthfulness or falsity of the allegations, essentially pertains to the realm of evidence and the same cannot be pre-judged at this initial stage.
Once this exercise is completed and the Court answers the same in the affirmative, the reference of even non-signatory parties would fall within the exception afore-discussed.
Therefore, the decision of Minister or officer under the rules of business is the decision of the President or the Governor.
The trial court dismissed the petition.
The trial court dismissed the petition.
Normally, retrospective rise in salary is given to those who are in service at the relevant time or who had retired in normal circumstances.
Counsel finally submitted that the legal aid lawyer 21 (2008) 13 SCC 767 22 (2010) 1 SCC 58 representing the petitioners had a positive onus to lead evidence regarding the possibility of reformation of the petitioner which he did not discharge.
Hence, it is held that the main OA filed by the applicant is within the prescribed period of limitation and the crux of law laid down in Syed Qamarali (supra) is fully applicable in the present case.
As he had not been the party to such meeting, he could not be held liable for conspiracy on the said count alone.
Gandhiji taught us to be morally innovative.
Why the marriage was conducted at her house is not clear.
The Constitution of India ensures equality, freedom, justice and dignity of all individuals and implicitly mandates an inclusive society for all including the persons with disabilities.
The privileges which were to be granted to the rulers included exemption from the operation of certain laws, the enjoyment of Jagirs and personal properties of the rulers, and members of their families, the payment by the States of the marriage expenses of the brothers and sisters of the rulers, immunity from some processes of courts of law, distinctive number plates, gun salutes, etc.
Therefore, the Act is no longer applicable and must be repealed.
I am sure; all of you will join in making this happen in the years to come.
I do not see anything in that judgment against the consideration of petitioner’s case in accordance with law after declaring his results by ignoring the pass mark criteria for the viva voce examination introduced by the High Court and then proceed as per Rules by adding the marks of written examination with that of viva voce test.
Specifically these two special requirements for omission liability help to exclude from liability cases of -fantasizing and irresolute intentions, important purposes of the act requirement.
As per Condition No.14, the Petitioner wants to call the Contract as indivisible Works Contract and states that the materials such as packing cases, left over materials, tools tackles, instruments, etc., brought to site by the Petitioner would remain the property of the Petitioner and also its right to sub-contract any of the work which it deems fit.
The interim relief was originally granted by learned Single Judge of the Bombay High Court vide order dated 19.7.2010, limited to the extent of restraining the appellant from putting any party in possession of any constructed premises, except with the approval of respondent No.3, during the pendency of the suit.
Reference has been made to the recommendations of the Law Commission which has seriously commented on the prevalent political atmosphere being dominated by people with criminal records.
This judgment has been used as an aid in the impugned order to support the conclusion in favour of the assessee.
In the present petition, urgency of the acquisition has been shown by the respondent.
The Classes of Agreements  was quoted to draw distinction between three classes, namely, agreements which create rights, agreements which transfer or assign rights, and lastly agreements which extinguish them.
Iowa 233 : 124 NW 1081 (1910) Illinois, 1923) where the authors have dealt with the aspect of Habeas Corpus.
Accordingly, this is an arbitration to which Part-I of the English Arbitration Act 1996 applies.
These mighty minds have travelled unchartered territories and excelled in trying circumstances.
Qua the assertion that the respondent-accused was in judicial custody on the date on which the incident of murder in the earlier case had occurred, the judgment and order of the trial court convicting him has recorded the version of the brother of the deceased therein, that he had seen the respondent-accused participating in the offence.
This wide variation in the age, even as per medical opinion is because of the reason that it was now too late, because of the advanced age of the appellants to have precise determination of his age.
The averments made in the original application does not satisfy or meet the requirements of and (3) of the NGT Act and the original application does not spell out the cause of action relevant for the purpose of said provision.
We can help this cleansing process by drinking alkaline juices.
These aspects need examination, keeping in view the judgment given by the Gujarat High Court in ‘C’ v. Bar Council of Gujarat?+ which was quoted and reiterated by the Supreme Court in Mahipal Singh Rana (supra), as under: “ . We, however, wish to avail of this opportunity to place on record our feeling of distress and dismay at the fact that a public servant who is found guilty of an offence of taking an illegal gratification in the discharge of his official duties by a competent court can be enrolled as a member of the Bar even after a lapse of two years from the date of his release from imprisonment.
Kukrety was a commissioned officer unlike the case with which we are presently dealing.
Having noted the submissions of respective counsel, at the outset, we want to note the specific challenges made in these appeals.
Refund Banker Scheme: Fast track issue of refunds through agency bank (SBI) and enable web based tracking of refund status.
It was acknowledged, that law made in contravention of the provisions contained in Part III of the Constitution, or of any other constitutional provision, to the extent of such contravention, would be void.
In fact, it may be said that even auction has a potential of abuse, like any other method of allocation, but that cannot be the basis of declaring it as an unconstitutional methodology either.
Admittedly, no work was done as per the terms of the agreement and nothing was constructed during this period.
If a spouse abuses the other as being born from a prostitute, this cannot be termed as “wear and tear  of family life.
Testing of raw materials used in the manufacturing of fireworks.
In this case, there was no such question before the High Court.
In this case, there was no such question before the High Court.
Finally, in all humility but with the clearest of convictions, I got in my presence a doctor kindly to administer the calf a quietus by means of a position injection.
Bilateral relations between our two friendly countries have been strengthened thanks to the recent high level exchanges between the two countries.
It is not clear from the record as to what exactly are the words spoken by them except a vague indication that some intemperate language was employed by both of them, nor is it clear who initiated the exchange.
The said foundational principle is based on the realization that sovereignty vests in the people.
PW4 was told by Rajwant Singh that his niece had committed suicide.
This Court in that backdrop held that the Division Bench fell in error in entertaining and upholding such a plea at such a late stage.
At the same time, Buddhism, Jainism and Hinduism are against euthanasia.
Under Sub-section (2), in case any part of the said rates, charges, penalties or the cost of the distress or arrest or of the keeping of the same remain unpaid for a space of five days next after any such distress or arrest has been made, the Board may cause the vessel so distrained or arrested to be sold.
Under Sub-section (2), in case any part of the said rates, charges, penalties or the cost of the distress or arrest or of the keeping of the same remain unpaid for a space of five days next after any such distress or arrest has been made, the Board may cause the vessel so distrained or arrested to be sold.
The respondent C.K. Dharagupta (since retired) is seeking benefit of Joshi case.
The most important being, the enactment of 'Electricity Act, 2003', which aims to consolidate the laws relating to generation, transmission, distribution, trading and use of electricity; promote competition in the power sector; and supply electricity to all areas.
The most important being, the enactment of 'Electricity Act, 2003', which aims to consolidate the laws relating to generation, transmission, distribution, trading and use of electricity; promote competition in the power sector; and supply electricity to all areas.
Since we are taking a view to remit the case to the High Court, we do not wish to express one way or the other on the merits of the respective contentions urged by the parties.
The matter be posted for further consideration before this Court on the expiry of six months from today along with the report (s) as may be submitted pursuant to the present order.
In R v. Clarke, ex_p Crippen : (1910) 103 LT 636, Crippen was arrested in Canada but not formally charged, but a publication appeared in England in Daily Chronicle, as cabled by its foreign correspondent, that “Crippen admitted in the presence of witnesses that he had killed his wife but denied the act of murder .
However, the Constitution Bench left open a corridor of uncertainty thereby permitting, in the rarest of rare cases, the pronouncement of a sentence of death.
Any one of the above-mentioned factors is sufficient to make a Judge pliable.
Ex military personnel may also apply for financial assistance to construct a home.
Returning to the case before us, we therefore consider that the reasons that led the court to find a violation (see paragraph 4 above) are not relevant.
These were to include:Distribution of posts in the ratio of 58:42, Allocation of fixed deposits Allocation of bank balances in various accounts, Number of employees based on nativity, Number of vehicles Number of equipments, Number of movable assets etc.
The State Government has paid only Rs.80,500/- and further deposited Rs.50,000/- with the Hon’ble High Court till date for acquisition of the land belonging to the temple.
Functioning with the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, acts as a gateway to industrial investment in India. It provides a single - window clearance for entrepreneurial assistance and facilitates the processing of investors' applications requiring Government approval.
I compliment the leadership of Apollo Hospitals for envisioning the Conference which is a meaningful step forward towards our shared goal of a healthier nation tomorrow.
Under this framework, the Human Rights Record of UN member States is reviewed.
On 4th February, 2013, the State of Himachal Pradesh sought modification of the restriction placed by this Court by order dated 7th January, 2013, whereby the State was directed not to make any promotions.
As a result, the High Court declined to issue any direction in respect of prayer clause (iv).
Accor- dingly, a Liaison Officer with a legal background should be appointed and attached to each Gram Nyayalaya. The State Government shall draw up a list of non-governmental poluntary organisations operating in rural areas for carrying on welfare activities for the benefit of the rural poor.
When the legislature wanted to take exports from self- manufactured goods or trading goods separately, it has already so provided in sub-sections (3)(a) and (3)(b).
Then in 1871, the Limitation Act IX of 1871 was passed providing for the limitation of suits, appeals and certain applications to Courts and also providing for the acquisition of easements and the extinguishment of rights to land and hereditary offices.
Commercial scheme mainly includes production of quality planting material, large scale cultivation, post harvest technology studies, innovative marketing mechanism, etc.
3) As per Clause 12 of the Letters Patent, along with the suit the plaintiffs also filed application for seeking leave to sue on the ground that a substantial part of cause of action had arisen within its jurisdiction.
Obviously, when there is an agreement no such award is required.
The police officer in charge, as far as possible, shall allow the request and may review and revise the route to be taken and lay down conditions for a peaceful march or protest.
In Kanaiyalal Lalchand and Sachdev and others vs. State of Maharasthra and others, (2011) 2 SCC 782, this Court considered the question of maintainability of the writ petition while an alternative remedy is available.
On 09.01.2001 after written test and viva voce a select panel was issued which did not include name of C.Girija against 4 unreserved posts.
Taking note of the fact that no auction had taken place and that the respondent had been permitted to run the retail outlet since 1998, the High Court provided that fresh dealership be awarded to her under the new Policy dated 12.02.2004 of the Corporation, which contemplated such allotments to land owners and their nominees from within the family, directly as well as through advertisement for locations outside government approved marketing plans.
Further, it is contended by the learned counsel that the High Court has failed to examine the above said legal aspect of the amendment to the Regulations of AICTE in the year 2000 enlarging the scope of the Act to areas for which it is not meant.
Further, it is contended by the learned counsel that the High Court has failed to examine the above said legal aspect of the amendment to the Regulations of AICTE in the year 2000 enlarging the scope of the Act to areas for which it is not meant.
Keeping in mind that concern, special provisions have been incorporated for the safety and security.
However, the Preamble, and to a large extent, Fundamental Rights, enable us to say that our Constitution has rejected a totalitarian form of government in favour of a liberal democracy.
It was said: “Act of appointment of a Chief Justice or a Judge in the superior Court is an executive act.
We are of the view that there was no such requirement to issue any direction to create such division to handle the financial aspects.
However, the aforesaid submission cannot be accepted as it was always open to the competent authority to initiate departmental proceeding against its employee, with regard to any misconduct or dereliction of duty if found during performance of duty while posted in the office or on deputation.
However, the aforesaid submission cannot be accepted as it was always open to the competent authority to initiate departmental proceeding against its employee, with regard to any misconduct or dereliction of duty if found during performance of duty while posted in the office or on deputation.
These provisions are challenged on the ground that they impose unreasonable burden on voters who are otherwise eligible to contest the election and therefore create an artificial and unreasonable classification which has no nexus to the objects sought to be achieved by the ACT.
By this judgment and order passed by the High Court and the directions issued, as reproduced hitherto, the substantive issues inter se the parties were answered against the appellant to the extent indicated.
In his disclosure statement, Surender (A2) further disclosed that Dr. Rampal administered injections to keep Ramesh Jain unconscious.
On the auspicious occasion of Buddha Purnima, I convey greetings and good wishes to all my fellow citizens.
RERA recognises and protects the rights of the lenders and does not in any manner take away any right under the existing statutes like the , SARFAESI, etc.
He also referred to ‘Ghare Baire’ where a highly respected married woman falls in love with her husband’s friend.
As already mentioned above the conduct of PW 17 in immediately going into a sort of abscondence for the ensuing 5 day of the murder and there after shifting his residence to a distance of 80kms appears to be very suspicious.
Prescription of a twelve-year period certain cannot possibly be obliterated by an enactment wholly unconnected therewith.
Having regard to the jurisdiction being exercised, we would, in this factual backdrop, test the competing contentions on the basis of broad features of the controversy and the established legal postulates applicable thereto and interfere in the event of any discernible vitiating infirmity, incurably afflicting the adjudicative pursuit of the Tribunal thereby rendering its appraisal of the materials on record on any issue as well as the final determination to be patently unsustainable.
Appearing for NABARD in Conciliation Proceedings, BIFR proceedings, Consumer Forum, Tax matters and Arbitration hearings.
PW41 Tahir Raza Abdi, Travel Agent has stated that A1 Dr. Jalees Ansari had come to him around on 27.09.1993 with A5 Afaque Khan with a request to make his passport.
Any other construction will reduce bicameralism to an illusion.
The legislature can undoubtedly even in that situation exercise its powers under However, the requirement of laying an Ordinance before the state legislature is a mandatory obligation and is not merely of a directory nature.
Two of the learned judges in Pradeep Kumar Biswas found that Sabhajit Tewary had been correctly decided.
It is clear, therefore, that clause 9(1)(e) would not be attracted on the facts of this case and consequently the consideration for the technical services to be provided by Met Chem Canada Inc. cannot be added to the value of the equipment imported to set up the plant in India.
In the Vedic civilization, women were always given the highest level of respect and freedom and at the same time, their protection and safety was a sacred duty of society.
There is one more reason for rejecting the above submission.
Thus, the villagers could get their pigeonpea milled at a reasonable cost besides getting grain husk as nutritive fodder.
Appointment of district judges.
A clause in the contract cannot be split into two parts so as to consider one part to give rise to difference or dispute and another part relating to execution of work, its workmanship etc.
On receipt of such application after scrutiny, Mamlatdar shall have to submit the report to Prant officer within 20 (twenty) days after making all types of scrutiny and site inspection and the Prant officer shall have to forward the report to Collector after verification within 10 days.
On receipt of such application after scrutiny, Mamlatdar shall have to submit the report to Prant officer within 20 (twenty) days after making all types of scrutiny and site inspection and the Prant officer shall have to forward the report to Collector after verification within 10 days.
It is no answer to a notice under that the partners having dissolved the firm, the assessment cannot be reopened.
In their letter dated 14.03.2018, the petitioners merely requested the 1st respondent to provide copies of the sale advertisement, the sale letter, the date of demand receipt along with amount of payment received date-wise.
It is the cause of action which is material to determine the applicability of bar under Order II Rule 2 and not merely the pleadings.
It was emphasized, by learned counsel, that the appellants were not perpetrators of a fraud.
The learned Additional Solicitor General, Ms. Pinky Anand, submits that a tax exemption statute or notification needs to be strictly interpreted.
And we have no hesitation here to say that if the notification is read as a whole, the intention, purpose and working of it is absolutely clear.
Youth power has to be galvanized for nation-building.
Having said this, we do not wish to examine any other argument of the petitioner, including on merits of the enforceability of the subject foreign awards.
Astral Builders without public notice, which was admittedly not given in the instant case and, thus, the joint venture-cum-sale and lease for 999 years amounted to a sale.
Treatment is not effective against pasteurellosis.
Such actions will have to draw their sustenance as also their boundaries under the same.
Such actions will have to draw their sustenance as also their boundaries under the same.
He is neither an engineer, nor an expert on the functioning of the Atomic Energy Plants.
The arbitration shall be by a panel of three arbitrators, one to be appointed by each Party and the third to be appointed by the two arbitrators appointed by the Parties.
Our contacts began in the days of the Cholas, who were perhaps one of the earlier inhabitants in your land.
At the time of initial hearing before the three-Judge Bench, the decision in Yusuf Abdul Aziz (supra) was cited and the cited Law Report reflected that the judgment was delivered by four learned Judges and later on, it was noticed, as is reflectible from the Supreme Court Reports, that the decision was rendered by a Constitution Bench comprising of five Judges of this Court.
By amendment, the appellant-Union has only clarified the membership clause.
Therefore, the enquiry which becomes relevant at this stage is to find out from the averments in the plaints whether these are suits between a licensor and a licensee and whether they relate to the recovery of possession of immovable property situated in Greater Bombay.
Therefore, the enquiry which becomes relevant at this stage is to find out from the averments in the plaints whether these are suits between a licensor and a licensee and whether they relate to the recovery of possession of immovable property situated in Greater Bombay.
However, keeping in perspective the hardship that this will continue to bear on alleged respondent-accused who may have to travel long distances in conducting their defence, and also mindful of the legal implications of proceedings being permitted to continue in a court devoid of jurisdiction, this recourse in entirety does not commend itself to us.
However, keeping in perspective the hardship that this will continue to bear on alleged respondent-accused who may have to travel long distances in conducting their defence, and also mindful of the legal implications of proceedings being permitted to continue in a court devoid of jurisdiction, this recourse in entirety does not commend itself to us.
Deduction in respect of profits and gains from business of collecting and processing of bio-degradable waste.
The doctor conducted the post mortem and opined that the cause of death was septicemia shock due to ante-mortem burns.
We are both open, pluralistic societies that are committed to the protection of human rights and the Rule of Law.
The duration of the compulsory licences may vary from case to case keeping in view the gestation periods and other relevant factors but in any case it shall not exceed the total remaining period of the protection of that variety.
It gives me great pleasure to welcome Your Excellency this evening.
Also, it is wholly incorrect to say that highly solvent companies would go in the red and then be wound up under the Code.
Rule 101 deals with the questions to be determined.
The Bill seeks to incorporate all these provisions with modifications so as to make the provisions more effective in combating corruption among public servants.
A perusal of the aforesaid consideration, according to learned counsel, leads to the inevitable impression, that the Hon’ble Presiding Judge (of the ‘former Division Bench’) was of the view, that the question of holding an inquiry in the matter was futile, even if the contention advanced at the hands of the appellants was correct (namely, that the appellants could demonstrate, that the material relied upon by the authorities would not have the effect of being absolutely conclusive).
I am confident that graduates of MNNIT will contribute in abundant measure, to the task of nation building.
Only 10 to 12 cars were patient in the campus.
The Tribunal may, having regard to the damage to public health, property and environment, divide the compensation or relief payable under separate heads specified in Schedule II so as to provide compensation or relief to the claimants and for restitution of the damaged property or environment, as it may think fit.
Venus Realcon Private Limited.
We were taken through piles of pleadings, paper work, and orders passed by this Court, to demonstrate an express written notice to the petitioner, his written response, numerous opportunities of hearing afforded to learned Senior Counsel representing him, and finally, even an opportunity of personal oral hearing to the petitioner - Mr. Subrata Roy Sahara, himself.
When the right is conferred under the Constitution, it has to be understood that there is no condescendation.
When the right is conferred under the Constitution, it has to be understood that there is no condescendation.
Subsequently, for the NDMC area, the Parliament enacted NDMC Act in the year 1994 that replaced PMA.
Subsequently, for the NDMC area, the Parliament enacted NDMC Act in the year 1994 that replaced PMA.
Having regard to the materials on record, it is clear that his arrest in connection with this case was due to the recovery of his bank passbook from the car and not on the basis of his spot identification.
As in the present instance, it appears that part at any rate of the compensation to be awarded for the acquisition is to come eventually from out of public revenues, it must be held that the acquisition is not for a company simpliciter.
As in the present instance, it appears that part at any rate of the compensation to be awarded for the acquisition is to come eventually from out of public revenues, it must be held that the acquisition is not for a company simpliciter.
This is what the various judgments cited by the learned counsel for the defendants decide.
This is what the various judgments cited by the learned counsel for the defendants decide.
For better clarification, Explanations (I) and (II) have been added.
For instance, it is not necessary that at that stage each ingredient of an offence should be linguistically reproduced in the report and backed with meticulous facts.
It has also filed various arbitration proceedings against them, and is in the process of recovery of INR 3365 crore out of INR 5600 crore, which are in the form of court decrees and arbitration awards.
So far as the material facts leading to the filing of the present writ petition are concerned, there is no real dispute to the same and to the extent necessary, they are noticed hereafter.
Dr. Joginder Pal is concerned, admittedly, he did not conduct the post-mortem.
Being two together, PW-6 and Hakam Singh might have perhaps thought of catching the assailants and appear to have chased them by following them in the car.
Being two together, PW-6 and Hakam Singh might have perhaps thought of catching the assailants and appear to have chased them by following them in the car.
Shailza Aggarwal examined x-ray of Rishipal and found that there was fracture in the fifth metatarsal of the left foot.
Admittedly, the appellant was married to Jugraj Singh of village Diwana about six years prior to the solemnization of marriage of Sharanjit Kaur with Pritam Singh.
The submission that such a misrepresentation exists is supported by the affidavits of brokers and the public filed on behalf the plaintiff, to which I have already referred.
However, we decline to interfere with the ultimate order passed by the Appellate Tribunal because it is clear that the financial creditor’s application which has been admitted by the Tribunal is clearly an independent proceeding which must be decided in accordance with the provisions of the Code.
In our opinion, the direction in Goa Foundation is quite clear and instead of considering the grant of a second renewal of the mining leases, the State of Goa was required to consider the grant of fresh mining leases.
The Chief Justice or the designated Judge would be entitled to seek the opinion of an institution in the matter of nominating an arbitrator qualified in terms of Section 11(8) of the Act if the need arises but the order appointing the arbitrator could only be that of the Chief Justice or the designated Judge.
It is only when the process of assessment is vitiated either on the ground of bias, mala fides or arbitrariness, that the selection calls for interference.
On account of additional area is estimated at 33.6 million.
It would be open to them to give weightage to the religion, caste, etc of the student.
The said advances that were given by the Company were neither adjusted nor squared off against any future purchases or services.
Entry and exit for the general public will be from Gate No. 35 of the President’s Estate, close to whereNorth Avenuemeets Rashtrapati Bhavan.
I have considered other submissions also made and the citations relied by the either side.
The Minimum Qualifications for appointment and other service conditions of University and College teachers, Librarians and Directors of Physical Education and Sports as a measure for the maintenance of standards in higher education, shall be as provided in the Annexure to these Regulations.
The reformative approach of the JJ law has come into question and there is demand for a law which has a deterrent effect, where the guilty are punished in accordance with the nature of the offence they commit, irrespective of their age.
At the same time, it was held that the admission involved two aspects.
Hari Singh (PW.9) admitted in his deposition that in Arrest Memo, Ex.P-14 there was no mention that there was any blood on the body of the accused or his clothes.
We make it clear that henceforth it will not be necessary for any person whose residential premises have been sealed for misuse for any commercial (other than industrial) purposes at the instance of the Monitoring Committee to file an appeal before the appropriate statutory Appellate Tribunal.
It is truer for our academic system, where multiple interventions are now necessary.
It is truer for our academic system, where multiple interventions are now necessary.
The Computerisation of Land Records (CLR) is one of the earliest initiatives of e - Governance in India, at the grass - roots level.
However, it is only when we adhere to constitutionalism as the supreme creed and faith and develop a constitutional culture to protect the fundamental rights of an individual that we can preserve and strengthen the values of our compassionate Constitution.
Case of the respondents-plaintiffs is that the suit property was mortgaged by their father Shripad Joshi on 28.07.1967 in favour of Shankar Shinde who is the predecessor-in-interest of the appellants- defendants for Rs.2500/-.
A successful India, which offers its citizens the chance to live their lives in peace and freedom, sends an important message to Asia and indeed to the whole world.
He informed the Police which came after one hour at the spot.
Thus the law permits neither the husband of the offending wife to prosecute his wife nor does the law permit the wife to prosecute the offending husband for being disloyal to her.
The commission of such offence should have been undertaken either by an individual singly or by joining with others either as a member of an 'organized crime syndicate' or even if as an individual or by joining hands with others even if not as a member of a 'organized crime syndicate' such commission of an offence should have been on behalf of such syndicate.
In responding to a question on fraudulent activities by the chit funds, the President said that already there are acts to deal with such organizations.
Per contra, Shri R.K. Dhawan, learned counsel appearing on behalf of the respondent, has opposed the appeals contending that the appellant cannot be permitted to introduce a new case that the appellant was a destitute.
The word “just  means - fair, adequate, and reasonable.
Unprecedented opportunities exist for the people of this state and our country in these changing times.
Two Mega Food Parks, at Tumkur and Fazilka, each to provide direct / indirect employment to 30, 000 people have been commissioned in the last 6 months.
Scanning at true 300 dpi optical resolution is very important.
The High Court came to the following findings after referring to the relationship of the parties.
Ms. Farhana Shah, learned counsel for the appellant contended that the evidence of PW-21 is contradictory to that of PW-453, who is a Constable and PW-547, PI Jadhav, in view of the above, we are unable to accept the said argument.
It is contended that though there was a survey conducted on the respondent-assessee, but nothing C.A.@ SLP(C)No.17428/18 adverse was found during such survey.
Assistant Commissioner of Income Tax, New Delhi.
The question which arises for adjudication is not, that of the Governor’s bona fides.
BRO is regarded as a symbol of nation - building, national integration and an inseparable component in maintaining the security and integrity of the country.
Mr Sibal has sought to make a distinction between the provisions of and the unamended .
Even now it is an active area of research pursuit globally.
Whether the Appellant (assessee) is the owner of the vehicles which are leased out by it to its customers and Whether the Appellant (assessee) is entitled to the higher rate of depreciation on the said vehicles, on the ground that they were hired out to the Appellant’s customers.
So far as the observations made in the impugned order with regard to the findings of the learned single Judge are concerned, we are of the view that the said observations cannot be said to be incorrect.
She kept telling the media and others who sought her views: ‘wait and see, things can change’.
Blair J. observed: “If a photograph of an accused person is broadcast in a newspaper immediately he is arrested, then such of the witnesses who have not then seen him, may quite unconsciously be led into the belief that the accused as photographed is the person they saw.
Thirdly, the post of Naik (Radio Operator) held by the respondent was extended the benefit of special pay of Rs.80/- per month, and that, there was nothing on the record of the case to show, that Radio Operators in the Central Water Commission or the Directorate of Police Wireless, were enjoying similar benefits.
However, in Associate Builders’s case (supra), this Court examined the expression in detail in the light of all previous decisions referred above on the subject.
Accordingly, the appeals are allowed and the order passed by the High Court is set aside.
He submitted that limited government is also enshrined within our Preamble, which is the essence of the Constitution of India, and entitles every individual citizen and the citizenry collectively to live, work, and enjoy their varied lives without being under the continuous gaze of the State.
Maxwell on Interpretation of Statutes has recognised the above use to carry out the interpretation of the legislature.
This list is also available on this portal.
Provided that any disqualification incurred by a person under clause (iv) shall terminate on the lapse of three years from the expiry of the sentence or order.
As is clear from the reading of this Section, these conditions are as under: (a) it grants such special allowances to those assessees who carry on business in association with the Central Government or with any person authorized by it; (b) business should relate to prospecting for, extracting or producing mineral oils, petroleum or natural gas; (c) there has to be an agreement in writing between the Central Government and the assessees in this behalf; (d) it is also a requirement that such an agreement has been laid on the Table of each House of Parliament; (e) the allowances which are claimed are to be necessarily specified in the agreement entered into between the two contracting parties; and (f) allowances are to be computed and made in the manner specified in the agreement.
In 1991, the Constitution Bench of the Supreme Court once again upheld the constitutionality of the death penalty in Smt. Shashi Nayar v. Union of India and others (AIR 1992 SC 395).
There is, in our view, no basis for the argument that any measure taken by the BCCI on its own or under the direction of a competent court specially when aimed at streamlining its working and ensuring financial discipline, transparency and accountability expected of an organization discharging public functions such as BCCI may be seen as governmental interference calling for suspension/derecognition of the BCCI.
It correlated the flow of funds accumulated by A1 to the account of Jaya Publications and thereafter to branch out the same to other accounts to be eventually appropriated for the acquisition of huge assets.
For the sake of repetition, it is relevant to mention that in our order dated 08.04.2011 in Narmada Bai (supra), while disposing of the said writ petition, this Court directed the CBI to take up the investigation as prayed accepting their contention that killing of Tulsiram Prajapati is a part of the same series of acts in which Sohrabuddin and Kausarbi were killed and, therefore, Tulsiram Prajapati encounter should also be investigated by the CBI.
Currently, fruits like sweet orange, kinnow, guava, peace, litchi and mango are grown in the region.
This rule also empowers the Government to extend the period of probation by not more than one year, if it deems fit.
It has been further stated in the affidavit that in the present batch of appeals, there are in all 311 candidates.
Even in this most prudish of all periods of English history, Lord Macaulay recognized a lesser sentence for the crime of “unnatural lust , if performed with consent.
As stated hereinabove, so as to curtail the expenditure, it was decided to reduce the number of employees and in pursuance of the Scheme, offers were invited from the employees who wanted to opt for voluntary retirement even before completion of the period of normal pensionable service.
Construction industry accounts for around 50% of the global steel consumption.
The words ‘first sitting’ have to be given some significance and the significance is that these elected members can vote without taking oath only while electing the Pramukh from amongst themselves because thereafter, the Pramukh administers oath to them and then, the sitting of the House takes place.
This Court has passed an order on 1.8.2018, wherein it was observed that in order to scuttle the hearing in this Court, it was stated that the meeting was held on the very same day.
She has also stated in the writ petition that the Act of 2000 was passed by Parliament bearing in mind various standards prescribed in the Convention on the Rights of the Child, the United Nations Standard Minimum Rules for the Administration of Juvenile Justice, 1985 (the Beijing Rules), the United Nations Rules for the Protection of Juveniles Deprived of their Liberty, 1990 and other relevant international instruments.
We have given our conscious thought to the said reasoning that has been given by the learned Designated Court, and we are of the view that the same does not require any interference.
It is the systematic and purposeful construction of a personality, so that it leaves an everlasting effect on the mind.
If the court which rendered the first decision was competent to entertain the suit or other proceeding, and had therefore competency to decide the issue or matter, the circumstance that it is a tribunal of exclusive jurisdiction or one from whose decision no appeal lay would not by themselves negative the finding on the issue by it being res judicata in later proceedings.
On the other hand, the writ petitioners claim that the fixation of inter se seniority should be on the basis of the date of regular appointment in the respective grades, but subject to the condition that inter-se placement in the respective category, is legal and reasonable.
We will not, therefore, be wrong in assuming that the personality of the offender as revealed by his age, character, antecedents and other circumstances and the tractability of the offender to reform must necessarily play the most prominent role in determining the sentence to be awarded.
Neither the complaint nor the evidence of witnesses indicates as to the role played by the appellants in the commission of the offence and which accused has committed what offence.
Ms. 688 dated 19.9.2012, the above financial assistance of two lakh rupees payable to the nominee/legal heirs of the deceased advocates in terms of Section 16 Explanation II (5) has been enhanced to five lakh and twenty five thousand rupees.
Thus, India has a sound financial structure which is capable of providing a strong base for setting up of business units in the country.
These are essential to complete the abetment as a crime.
Abatement from RSP for levy of excise duty has been reduced 37 per cent on Compact Fluorescent lamp, footwear, ready to eat packaged food.
Use of words 'to approach the Civil Court for settlement of disputes' makes it clear that final adjudicating authority in the case of a dispute is the Civil Court and not the Chief Engineer.
New Zealand has made tremendous progress in dairy development, food processing, communications and information technology, clean energy and water, disaster management, biotechnology, healthcare and services.
New Zealand has made tremendous progress in dairy development, food processing, communications and information technology, clean energy and water, disaster management, biotechnology, healthcare and services.
It is a fundamental principle of our constitutional scheme, and I have pointed this out in the preceding paragraph, that every organ of the State, every authority under the Constitution, derives its power from the Constitution and has to act within the limits of such power.
In our considered view purpose of the Govt. of NCT of Delhi in introducing the proviso in question, when considered from the plain language of the proviso, was to direct the appellant dealers to continue to pay the VAT as if there was no increase in the prices by the Central Govt.
There is no concept of negative equality and the respondent cannot be permitted to take advantage of his wrong.
Quashing of offence or criminal proceedings on the ground of settlement between an offender and victim is not the same thing as compounding of offence.
The other major objective is to establish an observational and monitoring network for the Himalayan environment to assess freshwater resources and health of ecosystem.
The duties of status are fixed by the law and status is a condition of membership of a group of which powers and duties are exclusively determined by law and not by agreement between the parties concerned.
The Reference Court held that from the discussion contained in the Draft Award it was not clear as to how the Special Land Acquisition Officer had awarded compensation @ Rs.26.25 per sq.
With right sort of persons the new forum will inspire immense confidence and guarantee its success.
As the name suggests, normally the discussion is for half an hour on the said days and is taken up during the last half an hour of the sitting.
The Director General is the CEO. NPC has 12 Regional Offices, located in major State Capitals / industrial centre with Corporate Headquarters in New Delhi and has strength of around 120 full time professional / consultants.
Each of these is discussed in detail (see paras 2.46 to 2.54) though the Commission refers (see para 2.52) to the Common Law assumptions that (while Jury may be influenced), Judicial Officers are not.
The illegal wealth and black money generated by the organised crime being very huge, it has had serious adverse effect on our economy.
There is immense significance of all these basics of the body in Ayurveda.
The trial Court found accused guilty of the charges and sentenced them as narrated above, on appeal the conviction and sentences imposed on A-1 Atma Ram and A-3 Vijay Kumar were confirmed and the other accused were acquitted.
The exercise was, it appears, intended to boost the economy of the State by ensuring optimum utilisation of its mineral reserves and in the process generating employment opportunities for the predominantly tribal population inhabiting the two districts of the State.
The exercise was, it appears, intended to boost the economy of the State by ensuring optimum utilisation of its mineral reserves and in the process generating employment opportunities for the predominantly tribal population inhabiting the two districts of the State.
Deletion of words, phrases or expressions from the proceedings or records of Rajya Sabha by an order of the Chairman for being defamatory or indecent or unparliamentary or undignified.
The learned senior counsel further submitted that the arbitrator appointed by office, is an employee in service of the HPPWD which the provision of bars at the threshold.
Mr. Tushar Mehta, Solicitor General has submitted that the petition filed by the father of the deceased seeking investigation had been dismissed by the Gujarat High Court way back in 2008, the special leave petition against the same was also dismissed.
This is how the appellant became the absolute owner of GEHA including the suit premises let out to the respondent.
Legislators involvement in Committees such as Public Accounts Committee, Estimates Committee and the Departmental Standing Committees can help them develop expertise in the complex working of government departments.
If they had not detained him during the above period, it is not open to anyone to assume the position, that the detention of Neeraj Kumar, during the above period, was while acting or purporting to act in the discharge of their official duties.
The General Manager did not agree with the Enquiry Committee on that point.
Accused Gurjit and Surjit were armed with 'kassis' (spades) whereas Gurdial Singh, the father of the accused and Surjit Kaur, their mother, were unarmed.
Seven-eight days before Ramzan, at the instance of Eijaz Pathan (A-137), the appellant (A-91) had gone to the office of M.K. Builders.
In any case it is not possible to view the act as an act of forgery.
By and large it seems to be that the utility of MDI meter to record effectively and correctly the drawal of power at a continuous block period of 30 minutes in a month by a consumer has come to stay as a reasonably safe method with due credibility and recognition in the field and appears to be in vogue even at the global level.
It was submitted that such a definition was susceptible to various perceptions depending upon the subjective opinion of the concerned persons and, therefore, different persons may reach different conclusions after seeing the same dance performance.
Those whose feelings are less delicate will be satisfied by a payment of money.
In addition to consultation with the Chief Justice of India, consultation with other judges was specifically made part of the Constitutional scheme.
Reports of the psychiatric history of an accused tending to show a person as dangerous could similarly affect the trial.
No doubt, the writ court has adequate power of judicial review in respect of such decisions.
The matters which have to be considered by the detaining authority are whether the person concerned, having regard to his past conduct judged in the light of the surrounding circumstances and other relevant material, would be likely to act in a prejudicial manner as contemplated in any of sub clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of clause (1) of sub-section (1) of , and if so, whether it is necessary to detain him with a view to preventing him from so acting.
In fact, under the provisions of CFPOA, it is also possible to prosecute an individual for conspiracy or attempt to commit bribery, along with aiding and abetting in the commission of bribery, an intention in common to commit bribery, and counselling others to commit bribery.
The High Court also confirmed the conviction of the appellant Sanjay under read with IPC, read with IPC and IPC and sentence of life imprisonment, ten years imprisonment with a fine of Rs.5,000/- and three years imprisonment with a fine of Rs.1,000/- respectively.
The situation is worse when it comes to women as almost 80% of them have reported loss of authority within the family because of the impairment.
This would, in my opinion, mean that even though the period had expired, the accused would be deemed to be in legal custody till he does not furnish bail.
It traverses through Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, and West Bengal. Below Rajmahal hills, the Bhagirathi, which used to be the main course in the past, takes off, while the Padma continues eastward and enters Bangladesh.
And attention in the context is disciplined and concerned awareness.
The Constitution-makers, therefore, enacted several provisions designed to secure the independence of the superior judiciary by insulating it from executive or legislative control.
On 30.01.2017 Mr. C.A. Sundaram, learned Senior Advocate was appointed Amicus Curiae to assist the Court.
All legislative and executive powers in reference to Public order is thus vested in the State.
The petitioner contended that his admission is provisional and not confirmed and the error which had crept in should have been rectified.
Hence, it will not be proper to direct the states of Bihar, Gujarat and Haryana to immediately declare drought in Taluka/Tehsil/Blocks as suggested by the petitioner.
The chemical composition of food as proteins, fats, carbohydrates are dealt with in detail with suitable examples.
The requirement of being the duty to act fairly, justly and reasonably, there is nothing which militates against the concept of requiring the State always to so act, even in contractual matters.
An already existing binding precedent was ignored.
According to him, it was not fully correct to say that the electric wire was recovered from Sagun Murmu.
Explanation — A suit which has been brought within six months of the cause of action having arisen has been brought without undue delay.  It will be seen that the Delhi High Court Rules require special classification of ‘commercial’ Appeals as well as ‘original side matters’.
Our ability to recognise others who are different is a sign of our own evolution.
Our commitment to freedom of expression demands that it cannot be suppressed unless the situations created by allowing the freedom are pressing and the community interest is endangered.
Respondent No.3, having become aware of the factum of blacklisting of the appellant amended the petition to incorporate the said fact.
Inclusive development, for one, is a barometer for a society that has leveraged the force of education well.
The challenge to the Clause 3(2)(iii) of the Scheme is essentially based on one argument.
In the case of Group Captain Rajeev Moitra, it has been submitted that as a result of the stay order passed by this Court on 24 March 2017 on the operation of the decision by the Tribunal, he was unable to resume service.
Such a law impermissibly delegates basic policy matters to policemen and also judges for resolution on an ad hoc and subjective basis, with the attendant dangers of arbitrary and discriminatory application.
It is a private company which is a subsidiary of a public company.
The competent authority approved the appointment of the 1st respondent, the petitioner before the High Court, for the post of CGPDTM in the pay scale of Rs.18,400-500-22,400/- on deputation basis for a period of five years or until further orders, whichever was earlier from the date of assumption of the charge of the post.
We do not find any substance in the contentions raised.
However, the position remains that these Union Territories, including the NCT are yet Union Territories and not a State.
PW20 has also asserted that the Appellant was a person who was known to the locality and he remained as an absconder from the day of the occurrence.
In the instant case, the High Court has not considered the above factors while passing the impugned order.
In such circumstances, we do not have any doubt that the inquiry conducted by the Registrar (Judicial) upon the direction of this Court in the instant matter amounts to an inquiry conducted by this Court itself, and is conclusive proof of the age of the Appellant as provided in Rule 12(3) of the 2007 Rules.
In such circumstances, we do not have any doubt that the inquiry conducted by the Registrar (Judicial) upon the direction of this Court in the instant matter amounts to an inquiry conducted by this Court itself, and is conclusive proof of the age of the Appellant as provided in Rule 12(3) of the 2007 Rules.
Therefore, there is no manner of doubt that the deceased died due to overdosing of drug.
Therefore, there is no manner of doubt that the deceased died due to overdosing of drug.
As the said respondent failed to appear before the concerned Committee on the date fixed, the matter was decided ex parte.
In order to ensure that the ongoing discharge of drainage did not once again pollute the water, Mr. Herald Craft the German Lake Conservation expert prepared a report which suggested preparing temporary sedimentation/settling tanks near the mouth / discharge point of the re-aligned drains.
In order to ensure that the ongoing discharge of drainage did not once again pollute the water, Mr. Herald Craft the German Lake Conservation expert prepared a report which suggested preparing temporary sedimentation/settling tanks near the mouth / discharge point of the re-aligned drains.
It seems Chokalingam fell into debt and his property in question was brought to sale through court auction.
He appreciated the sacrifices of the soldiers on the occasion and said that our soldiers have shown exemplary courage in every battle field.
This was a petition filed with respect to an area known as the ‘Raisina Hills’, located in the ‘Lutyens Zone’ of New Delhi.
Notably, late former President of India, Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam also sent a response to the consultation paper, highlighting the discriminatory impact of the death penalty.
More placement of order for purchase cannot amount to actual purchase of the generating sets.
Given the woeful success rate of the prosecution, if even the relatively niggard number of convicts are permitted to circumvent their sentences, crime is certain to envelop society.
Early maturity within 10 - 15 days.
Shipping Bill for export of dutiable goods. This shipping bill is yellow coloured.
By the impugned order dated 21st October, 2011 passed in the aforesaid appeal, the High Court of Bombay has held that the transaction charges paid by a member of the Bombay Stock Exchange to transact business of sale and purchase of shares amounts to payment of a fee for 'technical services' rendered by the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Similarly, under , Parliament is empowered, while a proclamation of emergency is in operation, to make laws with respect to any matter in the state list.
But for Shakthi - surabhi, cattle dung is required for initial charging.
It also authorises the acquisition, holding and disposal of property.
The benefit of this new expcriment should be made available to rural community.
In such a state, the legislature is absolutely specific.
The submission made on the basis of the proviso cannot be said to be sustainable.
It is highlighted that during the first attempt to initiate the Project Jal Mahal and preparation of the Detailed Project Report (‘DPR’ for short), the petitioner/appellant was nowhere in the picture.
The respondent never offered to seek repatriation to India and in fact sought voluntary retirement on depositing of Rs. 10,00,000/- for further stay in Johannesburg.
Since this issue has been elaborately dealt with by my esteemed Brother, I respectfully agree with His Lordship's reasoning and the conclusion and hence do not wish to add anything.
It is thus unequivocally clear that registration of FIR is mandatory and also that it is to be recorded in the FIR book by giving a unique annual number to each FIR to enable strict tracking of each and every registered FIR by the superior police officers as well as by the competent court to which copies of each FIR are required to be sent.
Provided that the State Government may, if it thinks fit, by notification in the Official Gazette, extend any of the provisions of this Code, with any necessary modifications, to such excepted persons.
This is relocation of the existing facilities at Tondiarpet, Chennai.
It is summarized in para 14, after taking note of various earlier judgments.
The above statements of eye witnesses also found corroboration from the villagers who came to the place of occurrence immediately after the incident.
When the execution petition was filed by the appellant, the executing court by its order dated 23.11.2005 granted 15 days time to the respondent to pay the balance of the arrears of rent.
He also ascertained whether any police official or any other person threatened him to make a statement etc.
He was the President of the People’s Union for Democratic Rights and has been associated with the Economic and Political Weekly.
Be that as it may, the High Court has not adverted to the issue who was seeking adjournment and what was the role of the learned trial judge.
In case the settlement amount is not paid by the appellant in the manner and to the extent indicated above, then after six months this order shall stand recalled and the appellant shall surrender to serve out the remaining period of sentence of RI for six months as per the judgment under appeal which shall then stand confirmed by this Court.
Therefore, I have no doubt that the victim has a right to appeal and to that extent the judgment of the High Court is liable to be set aside.
Some of them are backward like Assam or Orissa where there are very few industries and very little trade is in the hands, at least of the indigenous population.
After unprotected sex, emergency emergency oral contraception can prevent pregnancy.
Skin care in diabetes: Skin care is essential for people with diabetes.
This stage saw the extension of treaties beyond the requirements of the present generation to also meet the needs to future generations of human beings.
The proviso to Section 61(1) of the NDMC Act states that the NDMC may, 'when fixing the rate at which the property tax shall be levied during any year, determine the rate leviable in respect of lands and buildings or portions of lands and buildings in which any particular class of trade or business is carried on shall be higher than the rate determined in respect of other lands and buildings or portion of other lands and buildings by an amount not exceeding one-half of the rate so fixed.
A State Board shall not grant its consent under sub-section (4) of for the establishment of any industry, operation or process, or treatment and disposal system or extension or addition thereto, or to the bringing into use of a new or altered outlet unless the industry, operation or process, or treatment and disposal system or extension or addition thereto, or the outlet is so established as to comply with any conditions imposed by the Board to enable it to exercise its right to take samples of the effluent.
Evolution of total consciousness does not necessarily begin in any particular man rather it begins only if one chooses it to begin.
The fact that the valuation reports regarding the three assets were prepared at the instance of the Bank of China shall also have to be verified and confirmed by the Bank of China, especially because no sale of the assets in question can be permitted at a price lesser than the price at which the said assets have been valued by the valuers who are said to be valuers of repute.
The Government is keen to ensure that comprehensive and determined action is taken under this legislation to eliminate this pernicious practice as early as possible.
But that is no ground to throw the case overboard, if true, in the main.
But that is no ground to throw the case overboard, if true, in the main.
We have heard Mr. Manohar Lal Sharma – petitioner in person and Mr. Goolam E. Vahanvati, learned Attorney General.
The word 'essentially' employed in Rule 23 makes clear the legislative intent that the proposals specified (i) to (viii) therein are not exhaustive.
We have heard learned counsel for the contesting parties and considered the written submissions tendered, for the purpose of evaluating the grant of interim relief.
The range includes textile machinery required for sorting, cording, processing of yarns / fabrics and weaving.
Had the Appellant known, from the assessment year 2008-09, and had the Department raised an objection in that very year, it would have arranged its affairs in such a manner as to avail of set off under the Entry Tax Act, which it did after 2014, when the audit objections were raised for the first time.
During cross-examination at Para-11 has stated that they have not seen Ganja at Tajpur Chowk after tearing the bags rather they have interrogated the accused.
The appellants are intending to construct a slaughter house with ultra modern technology.
And not otherwise.
The judgments referred to in paragraph 13 above, were relied upon by the Courts below to reject the contention advanced at the hands of the appellant, that sanction was essential before the appellant could be prosecuted.
On the Committee so recording an adverse remark re failure to perform his duty will be entered in the confidential record of the ward officer concerned.
There have been several initiatives by State and Central Governments to meet the various challenges facing the agriculture sector in the country.
He was 26 years of age and had been carrying on the business of painting houses.
A related contention raised on behalf of the respondents is that the story of marriage was introduced for the first time by the prosecution witnesses during trial and the same was not even proved.
I am shocked that in the case at hand even the threat of law and order situation by the students has been argued.
The appellant is an assessee under the (hereinafter referred to as “the Act ).
This class of employees in essence are the substitute for regular employees posts which the Government was duty bound to create.
Thus there is a paradigm shift from territory approach to a systemic approach of development.
In Vidya Devi, the NCDRC rejected the argument that the suppression of a previous policy was not material since the insured was an illiterate person had affixed a signature on blank papers; and (x) In Condogianis v Guardian Assurance Company Ltd10, the Privy Council has held that even a partial non-disclosure or ambiguous disclosure regarding the previous policies in the proposal form vitiates the policy, which is thus liable to be rescinded.
But due to longer duration for attaining post - larval stage the above methods are neither useful nor safe.
Chapter XVI was substituted with the Chapter Heading “Working of Patents, Compulsory Licenses and Revocation .
Nor, on the basis of intrinsic skills and equipment, are the federal courts qualified to set their independent judgment on such matters against that of the chosen State authorities....
A crusader for freedom and equality, he earned the wrath of the powers that be at the Centre in 1975-76, and was imprisoned during the days of emergency.
Screening Committee for the Scheme of Administrative Reforms is chaired by the AS (AR & PG).
The factors of pressing need and limited resources cannot be ruled out from consideration.
A fair method must also take into account the performance relative to other candidates.
In any view of the matter acquisition under Act, 1993 having been upheld, the use of expression “particular significance  has lost all its significance for decision of the suits and the appeals.
It was seen that the organised criminal syndicates made a common cause with terrorist gangs and foster narcoterrorism which extends beyond the national boundaries.
It was seen that the organised criminal syndicates made a common cause with terrorist gangs and foster narcoterrorism which extends beyond the national boundaries.
The epic replete with stories of intrigues, conspiracy, jealousy, valour and competition, gives an in - depth knowledge of the Indian society of that time.
In modern civilized societies, however, reformatory aspect is being given somewhat greater importance.
It may be true that if a separate suit had been filed by the late brother and it had abated on his death, there will be no decree on merits and the suit would have abated.
Tender Notice (containing the terms and conditions of sale) inviting offers from the prospective purchasers in sealed covers was widely published.
A citizen of this country may have a right to establish an educational institution but no citizen, person or institution has a right much less of fundamental right to affiliation or recognition.
In other words, the bald allegation of the complainant with regard to the demand and payment of Rs.3,000/- as well as the demand of Rs.2,000/- has remained uncorroborated.
The plaint contained aforementioned pleadings.
The High Court, in our opinion, has rightly declined to rely upon the PRAYAS and Shubhada Chaukar's Reports.
Reliance is also placed on to plead that the patent was obtained by false suggestions and representations.
Ans: Since translations are subjective in nature, we do not claim 100% accuracy in the same. It will be appreciated if you can send email on info @ ildc. in with complete details of errors.
The said report reflects that the deceased had already taken meal and his stomach was half-full and contained rice, vegetables and meat pieces in a fluid with strong smell of spirit.
The said report reflects that the deceased had already taken meal and his stomach was half-full and contained rice, vegetables and meat pieces in a fluid with strong smell of spirit.
Having regard to such a dichotomy being set out in and, which in many respects to be operated upon in the adjudication of a criminal case, the result of such thoroughly defined distinctive features have to be clearly understood while operating the definite provisions, in particular, the provisions in providing for capital punishment and in the alternate the life imprisonment .
The provisions discussed above clearly indicate that the functions to be discharged by Lokayukta or Upa Lokayukta are investigative in nature and the report of Lokayukta or Upa Lokayukta under sub-sections (1) and (3) of and the Special Report submitted under sub-section (5) of are only recommendatory.
The celebrated author H.M.Seervai in Constitutional Law of India, 4th Edition, Volume 2, 1999 describes the consequences of Government orders or instructions not being in accordance with Clauses (1) or (2) of by opining that the same would deprive of the orders of the immunity conferred by the aforesaid clauses and they may be open to challenge on the ground that they have not been made by or under the authority of the President in which case the burden would be on the Government to show that they were, in fact, so made.
I also wish the management and faculty of this University the very best.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has congratulated and sent his best wishes to Ms. Dipika Pallikal, Ms. Joshna Chinappa, Shri Vijender Singh, Shri Rajinder Rahelu, Shri Devendro Singh Laishram, Ms. Laishram Sarita Devi, Shri Mandeep Jangra, Ms. Sakina Khatun, Shri Arpinder Singh, Ms. P.V. Sindhu and Shri R. V. Gurusaidutt for winning medals at the XX Commonwealth Games in Glasgow in their respective games.
This was the first such interaction organized in this format between our two countries in the important area of academic exchanges.
He could not explain why that description was not appearing in his police statement.
Among the dignitaries present on the occasion were Shri Prakash Javadekar, Union Minister for Human Resource Development, Shri Ashok Gajapathi Raju Pusapati, Union Minister of Civil Aviation, Dr. Mahendra Nath Pandey, Minister of State for Human Resource Development, Secretary to the President, Smt. Omita Paul and Prof. Anil D. Sahasrabudhe, Chairman, AICTE.
The reports provide four broad reasons why the Government is wrong to consider that civil justice should be largely self-financing.
Kasturi Lal decision46 therefore, cannot be pressed into aid.
XIX of 1976 (for short “1976  ) is maintainable before a Small Causes Court, Mumbai. .
The museum is the place to see the prehistoric fossils and artifacts along with modern art and miniature paintings.
In cases of urgency whenever the [appropriate Government], so directs, the Collector, though no such award has been made, may, on the expiration of fifteen days from the publication of the notice mentioned in section 9, subsection (1).
In our opinion this argument is fallacious.
Having carefully observed the process of transformation of raw cotton into surgical cotton and having noticed that there is distinctive name, character and use of the new commodity, i.e., surgical cotton, we are of the considered opinion that surgical cotton is a separately identifiable and distinct commercial commodity manufactured out of raw cotton and therefore, ceases to be cotton under Entry 16 of the said notification.
PW-10 SI Qureshi did not find anything on the person of the respondents.
Thousands of persons were employed/engaged throughout the length and breadth of the country by backdoor methods.
In this context, it is necessary to clearly identify the duties and responsibilities of such Units and Officers and wherever necessary, guidance from the available expertise, either the National Police Academy or the Bureau of Police Research and Development or NGOs must be taken for the benefit of children.
In his message, the President has said, 'I am extremely delighted that you have won the Wimbledon Boys’ Doubles Title with Nam Hoang Ly of Vietnam.
The amount of the loan was to the extent of Rs 37, 00, 000 / -.
Though being rooted in ancient Constitutional principles, they find mention and applicability as different rights and social privileges.
Allotment of Document Identification Number.
The aforesaid contentions were refuted by the learned counsel who appeared for assessees in these appeals.
The statement of Additional Advocate General noted by the High Court in paragraph 34 clearly indicates that before the High Court there were no allegations against respondent No.2 as to come to the conclusion that he was not a fit person to be directed to continue in the Idol Wing.
In fact, till the objections are removed it is not to be treated as application validly filed inasmuch as only after the application is complete in every respect it is required to be entertained.
After the report is filed, the MCI shall apprise the Institution with regard to the deficiencies and give a date for removal of the same so that the Institution would be in a position to do the needful.
Please note this reference number for future references.
The proposed forum may have branches all over the country to reduce the cost of litigation to the litigant.
Universities must act as guides in meeting contemporary moral challenges and ensuring that nine essential civilizational values of love for motherland; performance of duty; compassion for all; tolerance for pluralism; respect for women; honesty in life; self-restraint in conduct, responsibility in action and discipline are fully entrenched in the young minds.
This fact has been totally ignored by the High Court in an extremely cryptic manner.
It was submitted on behalf of the appellants that the stand of the Bihar Electricity Board in Rohtas Industries (supra) particularly in para 9 of the report, where it had realized fuel surcharge on the basis of that part of the increase in cost which is relatable to increased price of coal and oil that is fuel alone but a close scrutiny of para 9 makes it clear that in respect of energy purchased by the Board from outside sources namely Damodar Valley Corporation and U.P.State Electricity Board, the increase in cost per unit incurred by the Board has been included in the computation of fuel surcharge and this Court has found no merits in the contention that such amount as might have been paid by the Board to the DVC and the U.P.State Electricity Board as and by way of fuel surcharge can go into the computation of fuel surcharge levied by the Board under the 1979 tariff.
In the present case, at the time of the so called disclosure statement was made by the accused Mohit Chhabra and Krishan Antil, they were already in police custody and it is only thereafter that their disclosure statement was recorded.
Parliament has made the law contemplated by by enacting the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009 (for short ‘the 2009 Act’).
Therefore, not only the language of Section 13(1), but also an irreconcilable inconsistency that would arise between Section 12(1)(a) and Section 13(1) if the interpretation placed by the executing court is accepted - in our view is sufficient to hold that the executing court’s interpretation of Section 13(1) is unsustainable.
Bearing in mind the principles aforesaid, when I proceed to consider the facts of the present case, I find that Air India does not fulfill the test laid down so as to treat it as the principal employer.
Failure to furnish returns of income.
A learned Single Judge of the High Court of Judicature at Bombay, Nagpur Bench has, pursuant to a threadbare discussion of Bhaskaran concluded that since the concerned cheque was drawn on the Bank of India, Bhandara Branch, Maharashtra where it was dishonoured, the Judicial Magistrate First Class, Digras, District Yavatmal had no jurisdiction to entertain the Complaint.
Maintain a healthy body weight.
It was pointed out, that the change of ‘forum’ was dependent and accessory to, the amendment to the quantum of punishment contemplated for failing or refusing to cooperate with the investigating authorities, for violating the provisions of the SEBI Act.
It is a course of conduct of one which is adversely affecting the other.
The learned Single Judge of the Punjab and Haryana High Court did not find any error apparent in the award of the Labour Court but ordered payment of full back wages.
158) He further informed the Court that Tiger Memon conveyed to them that after the blasts in Bombay, there will be communal riots, so all of them should leave Bombay and they can contact him over the telephone.
Mr. Giri, learned counsel appearing for the State is correct in saying that no Section of the principal Act had been struck down and hence of the Amendment Act did not need to remove the basis of any earlier decision striking down an Act.
RESOLVED FURTHER that the status of the leasehold plots which are under indenture for tenures of 998 years with members be converted to freehold status at and on the request of the individual members.
RESOLVED FURTHER that the status of the leasehold plots which are under indenture for tenures of 998 years with members be converted to freehold status at and on the request of the individual members.
Even the colonial Rulers established educational institutions and encouraged the establishment of educational institutions by non-state actors by introducing a system of supporting them by providing financial aid to some extent.
When the deceased was not armed but the accused was and caused injuries to the deceased with fatal results, the Exception 4 engrafted to is excepted and the offences committed would be one of murder.
The delay in sending the samples to FSL (collected on 12.03.1993 and sent to FSL on 15.03.1993) was because his Squad was very busy with investigating bomb explosions across the Bombay.
G. Sanchit (PW.2), a 10 years old boy, supported the case of the prosecution and deposed that his “Mama  had come to their house.
India 's telecom sector has been one of the biggest success stories of market oriented reforms.
India 's national health system must be a strong, sensitive and efficient public health system.
The fact of India not being a signatory to the Hague Convention on the Civil Aspects of International Child Abduction may have a negative influence on a foreign judge who is deciding on the custody of a child.
After completion of investigation, a charge sheet was filed against him under , , of Indian Penal Code (in brief, '').
However, keeping in view the fact that some of the members of the appellant may have built their houses on the sites allotted to them, we give liberty to the appellant to negotiate with the respondents for purchase of their land at the prevailing market price and hope that the landowners will, notwithstanding the judgments of the High Court and this Court, agree to accept the market price so that those who have built the houses may not suffer.
The brothers and sister-in-law of the deceased have clearly stated that she was subjected to cruelty.
The court of law acts to enforce agreement, in case of non - performance.
The principle of ‘‘equal pay for equal work’’ is not attracted at all.
Cognizance is a process where the court takes judicial notice of an offence so as to initiate proceedings in respect of the alleged violation of law.
The simple submission was, that no such stance had been adopted either by the Union, or by the acquiring State Government.
The simple submission was, that no such stance had been adopted either by the Union, or by the acquiring State Government.
In view of the above discussion it is clear that there is a valid classification between proposed appointees for initial recruitment and the sitting Additional Judges whose cases for their continuance after the expiry of their initial term are to be decided and the two are not in the same position.
In the present case, relying upon the judgment in Bhim Singh, the High Court held that the Vidhayak Nidhi Scheme only supplements the efforts of the states and local authorities.
He thanked Shri Ahmed Patel and other office bearers of the Sardar Vallabh Bhai Patel Rotary General Hospital Trust for inviting him on the occasion.
Where the passenger makes a request in writing 24 hours before the scheduled departure of the train that the reservation made in his name may be transferred to another member of his family, meaning, Father, Mother, Brother, Sister, Son, Daughter, Husband and Wife.
Gaurav Sharma urged that the Writ Petition warrants dismissal as the Petitioners are not entitled for the relief claimed for.
CJM Sri Vijayan also put pressure on me.
It is thus, safe to infer the abuse of position by the accused-appellant in conspiracy with and to the benefit of Mehta.
We find that in the Tariff Petition filed by the JSEB before the SERC, the JSEB did not propose to continue the manner of 75% of contract demand and the SERC allowed the demand charge 140-KV-Month.
Similar work shall mean work of “construction of institutional/educational buildings campus with minimum five storeys RCC framed structure building including electrical, plumbing, fire fighting, HVAC works under composite contract executed in India in a single contract.
R.R. Jewellers but the very fact is falsified by the evidence in the form of subscribers list of Delhi Sanchaar Sewa wherein the same telephone number, i.e., ‘3901361’ has been given.
The Court further observed that it cannot usurp the functions assigned to the legislature under the Constitution and it cannot even indirectly require the executive to introduce a particular legislation or the legislature to pass it or assume to itself a supervisory role over the law-making activities of the executive and the legislature.
The Court further observed that it cannot usurp the functions assigned to the legislature under the Constitution and it cannot even indirectly require the executive to introduce a particular legislation or the legislature to pass it or assume to itself a supervisory role over the law-making activities of the executive and the legislature.
Keeping in view all the aforesaid and other relevant considerations, when such affirmative actions are taken by lawmaker, in the form of subordinate legislation, they need to be enforced appropriately so that the purpose that is intended is suitably achieved.
However, under section 446 (1) of the Act, suit or other legal proceedings cannot be instituted without permission of the company court.
In view of our findings on all the three aspects, and having heard the matter in detail, we find no reason for any intervention by this Court on the sensitive issue of purchase of 36 defence aircrafts by the Indian Government.
The report also indicates that the ban had an adverse impact in that respect.
Same principle was also followed for some other accused which has not been challenged.
While poverty persists, there is no true freedom.
There is no direct nexus or causation between the assured suffering a heart attack and injuries sustained in an accident by outward, violent and visible means.
And since life imprisonment was a punishable sentence, the permissible period for filing challan was for the offence under IPC was held to be ninety days.
Her death was otherwise than under normal circumstances.
My submission is that here conventions have yet to grow.
India and Norway enjoy warm and friendly relations, which have steadily acquired greater substance and significance in recent years.
In that view of the matter, it is stated that the present writ petition filed by him in challenging the order of transfer does not survive for consideration.
Uttar Pradesh is among the largest producers of agricultural commodities within the country.
After all, RJIL’s grievance is that inter- connectivity is not provided by the IDOs in terms of the licenses granted to them.
That could not possibly be done because of the directions of this Court dated 16th February 1984, as indicated above.
This Court thus held that in case of UPSC selections, the general category seat vacated by a MRC to occupy a reserved category seat, must be filled up by candidates from the general category.
Since the Bhadaur Constituency was reserved for the Scheduled Castes in the State of Punjab, as such the appellant being not a member of Scheduled Caste was not qualified to contest election from said Constituency.
The claim for damage was required to be assessed by a broad estimation, taking into consideration all significant factors, evaluating the chances for earning profit, and not determination of actual profitability.
He really had no reason to be there.
Instead of taking timely preventive measures, the atomic centre merely tried to keep the incident concealed.
Post Bachan Singh (supra), capital sentencing has come into the folds of _ constitutional adjudication.
We have considered the submissions and perused the record.
Along with professional competence, these centres of scientific learning must inculcate a social orientation instudents.
It was pointed out, that the situation could still have been saved, but for the extreme desire of the husband Darshan Gupta, to have a child.
Obviously, in the process of giving priority to this case by fixing it for evidence, practically on every working day, same would have happened at the cost of adjourning many other cases.
Even after 70 years of independence, the persons having little knowledge or having no recognized or approved qualification are practicing medicine and playing with the lives of thousands and millions of people.
Mr. Datar, learned counsel appearing for the intervenor, has also brought to our notice various safeguards for advance directive provided in other jurisdiction in many ways i.e. by prescribing the form that the directive must take, by specifying who may act as witnesses, by allowing the possibility of amendment and by allowing the validity of the directive to be challenged.
He has not expressed any opinion with regard to contusions since they were kept under observation.
It is also the leading producer of some of the spices such as chillies, turmeric, tamarind, ginger, coriander, etc.
OHS challenges have to be dealt at both the mine level as well as business level.
This system started declining from twelfth century AD. Unfortunately, Indian higher education is yet to regain that frontline position.
After advancing the arguments relating to the jurisdiction of the High Court as well as this Court on imposition of fixed term/period sentence, more so when the trial court has not imposed death sentence, the learned counsel argued that the factual score in the instant case did not warrant such harsh delineation as a consequence disproportionate sentences have been imposed.
He concluded by saying that he was happy to recognize not only those higher up in the election machinery but also those who worked on the ground level for their contribution to cause of electoral participation.
Competition, efficiency and quality of supply are key components of the policy framework in designing tariffs.
Therefore, the distinction which is sought to be pressed into service so ably by learned counsel cannot absolve the hospital or the Institute as it is responsible for the acts of its treating doctors who are on the panel and whose services are requisitioned from time to time by the hospital looking to the nature of the diseases.
Law has to provide a basic level of 'legal security' by assuring that law is knowable, dependable and shielded from excessive manipulation.
The Supreme Court refused to infuse the procedure with principles of natural justice.
The Supreme Court refused to infuse the procedure with principles of natural justice.
They will however continue to be eligible if they are retrenched from the service or post after submitting the application.
Whether that amounts to infringement or not is for the Courts to decide.
Business entrepreneurs convert ideas into reality; deal with both manufacturing and trading aspect of business. Generally, they are small trading and manufacturing business.
The jurisdiction of the High Court, therefore, is supervisory and not appellate.
The deposition of the Prosecutrix is yet to be recorded.
The weightage cannot be utilized for obtaining retrospective seniority over and above the existing Junior Engineers.
The weightage cannot be utilized for obtaining retrospective seniority over and above the existing Junior Engineers.
Although the Union ordinarily does not interfere with or meddle with the day-to-day functions of the GNCTD which is in tune with the constitutional scheme as delineated by and to give meaning and purpose to the Cabinet form of Government brought in place in the National Capital of Territory.
Brundtland Report defines “sustainable development  as development that meets the needs of the present generations without compromising the ability of the future generations to meet their own needs.
Dr. Mrs. Iqbal Kaur or DW-2 Dr. Mrs. Ritu Mago stated that the deceased was in depression.
If the said argument is accepted it would mean, for instance, that even a legislative enactment prescribing the minimum wages to industrial employees may fall under Part XIII because in an economic sense an additional wage bill may indirectly affect trade or commerce.
On the other hand clause (b) to permits imposition of reasonable restrictions subject to the proviso appearing below that clause.
The learned Judge held: Further, the verification logs reveal the details of transactions over the past five years.
What is significant and needs to be pointed out is that the parties had agreed in pursuance of the agreement to have the dispute decided in accordance with the ICC Rules by submitting the dispute to the ICC.
What is significant and needs to be pointed out is that the parties had agreed in pursuance of the agreement to have the dispute decided in accordance with the ICC Rules by submitting the dispute to the ICC.
This adjustment was uncalled for as the excess allocated to arms support on pro rata principle was because of an error committed by the Government or the Army Headquarters which could not prejudice the officers who are otherwise eligible for promotion against the vacancies, due on Command Exit principle.
BMI numbers 25 and higher are associated with higher blood fats, higher blood pressure, and an increased risk of heart disease and stroke.
At this stage it is also not necessary for him to satisfy himself about the truthfulness of the information.
Counsel submitted that in the circumstances this Court should hold that Saketh lays down correct proposition of law.
Welfare statutes must, of necessity, receive a broad interpretation.
This important link having not been established by the prosecution, breaks the chain of events necessary to establish the guilt of the accused Kishanbhai, and constitutes a serious lapse in the prosecution evidence.
It is equally not tunknown that finally the contention was found to be frivolous.
However, the condition of employing such persons on monthly salary does not stand the judicial scrutiny.
Nothing in this article shall prevent the State from making any provision for reservation in matters of promotion to any class or classes of posts in the services under the State in favour of the Scheduled PART B amendment came into force on 17 June 1995, before the expiry of five years from 16 November 1992 (the date on which the decision in Indra Sawhney was pronounced).
In the present excise policy, the State has permitted every eligible party to bid.
To do so, as the High Court did, is to breach a clear statutory mandate.
The Forest Department of the State of Maharashtra had also issued a scheme in the year 1996 quite similar to the Government Resolution dated 17th October, 1988 in respect to the daily wagers in their Forest Department.
It is not really necessary to deal with the judgment of the learned Single Judge since that has merged with the judgment of the Division Bench.
Serious question has therefore arisen as to the manning of the UGC itself for its effective working.
By the time, the court was called upon to take cognizance of the offences, so alleged in the complaint, the accused had ceased to hold the office of the Chief Minister.
By the time, the court was called upon to take cognizance of the offences, so alleged in the complaint, the accused had ceased to hold the office of the Chief Minister.
He participated in the landing at Shekhadi.
To understand the reasons ascribed in the said decision, it is requisite to appreciate the principle relating to the overwhelming component test or major component test.
He assured the hospital that all the bills would be cleared and requested that treatment be given.
My judgment has been necessitated by my inability to agree with some of the crucial issues raised there, especially on its conclusion that taxes (except for discriminatory taxes) can never be restrictions within the meaning of Part XIII.
Don 't lose your temper.
Mahe region contributes in the plantation wealth of this territory.
This fact had been proved before the Tribunal.
It is submitted that there is no requirement in law that all the posts clubbed together should be identical in respect of duties and responsibilities and functions.
It is submitted that there is no requirement in law that all the posts clubbed together should be identical in respect of duties and responsibilities and functions.
Investment deposit account.
In appeal, the High Court held that only the appellant caused fatal injuries to the deceased with lethal weapon and the High Court affirmed the conviction of the appellant and the sentence of life imprisonment imposed upon him.
This Court has developed a reputation as both a protector of Human Rights and an engine of economic and social reforms.
Under these circumstances, the inference that could be drawn is that the appellant had retained its legal control of the possession and let the trade union to occupy the premises for its trade union activities.
Under these circumstances, the inference that could be drawn is that the appellant had retained its legal control of the possession and let the trade union to occupy the premises for its trade union activities.
Further, since the final duty is made to relate back to the date of the provisional duty imposition, a fiction is employed which must be allowed to have full play and the mind should not boggle in giving such fiction its logical consequence.
Further, since the final duty is made to relate back to the date of the provisional duty imposition, a fiction is employed which must be allowed to have full play and the mind should not boggle in giving such fiction its logical consequence.
Shri C.U. Singh, learned senior counsel appearing for the bank submitted that the High Court has failed to consider the scope of Order 2 Rule 2, CPC and committed a mistake in holding that the respondent could not have claimed the relief of damages in Suit No.1145 of 2003, the earlier suit filed before the High Court.
Learned senior counsel also submitted that the functions and duties of the institution of Lokayukta, as such, cannot be compared with the functions and duties of the Judiciary, Central Administrative Tribunals, State Administrative Tribunals or Consumer Disputes Redressal Forums etc.
The essential legislative function consists in the determination or choice of the legislative policy and of formally enacting that policy into a binding rule of conduct.
The essential legislative function consists in the determination or choice of the legislative policy and of formally enacting that policy into a binding rule of conduct.
It is held that the “document  as defined in IPC is a “moveable property  within the meaning of IPC which can be the subject matter of theft.
The backwardness contemplated by is social backwardness.
If there is no candidate to be recommended against reserve vacancies for the reason that the panels of such candidates are exhausted, the Department of P & C will give a non- availability certificate to the indenting organizations so that they can take steps to de-reserve the vacancies and give appointment to general candidates in their place.
Adequate safeguards have been proposed for protecting rights of vulnerable sections of the displaced persons.
In my meetings with His Majesty King Philippe and the Prime Minister H.E. Mr. Elio Di Rupo, we recognized the depth of our bilateral political and economic relations.
Bihar Education Service (Isolated sub cadre).
It signifies nothing more than an intention not to insist upon the right.
Sister's husband.
The submission so advanced is not worth consideration for the simple reason that the Learned Counsel for the Appellant has been unable to show what prejudice, if any, has been caused to the Appellant, even if such charge has not been framed against him.
The submission so advanced is not worth consideration for the simple reason that the Learned Counsel for the Appellant has been unable to show what prejudice, if any, has been caused to the Appellant, even if such charge has not been framed against him.
Rigor mortis was present in all the four limbs with postmortem staining on dependent parts.
Rigor mortis was present in all the four limbs with postmortem staining on dependent parts.
Provided that if any such amendment is likely to affect any person prejudicially, it shall not be made without giving to such person a reasonable opportunity of being heard.
He particularly made reference to the history of proposed Forty-Fifth Amendment vide Bill 88 of 1978 to provide in that an Amendment compromising the independence of judiciary could be made by approval by majority at a referendum.
Nobody on the side of the respondent was hurt.
The learned counsel had further submitted that while allowing the writ petition, the High Court had not considered the aforestated facts at all.
The learned counsel had further submitted that while allowing the writ petition, the High Court had not considered the aforestated facts at all.
Eradication of illiteracy has been one of the major national concerns of the Government of India since independence.
Whether the benefits of the combinations outweigh the adverse impact of the combination.
Thus it is not open to them to advance arguments that indirectly seek to question the DPR.
Thus it is not open to them to advance arguments that indirectly seek to question the DPR.
They were introduced in order to restore investors' confidence as well as to enhance corporate transparency and accountability.
Explanation.–Without prejudice to the generality of clause (b) of this section, it is hereby declared, for the avoidance of any doubt, that an award is in conflict with the public policy of India if the making of the award was induced or affected by fraud or corruption.
We, however, find that those judgments would not apply in the present case.
In such cases the Insurance Company stands denied of appropriate premium.
It will be noticed that is mandatory in form.
Given the fact that the amended Act will now apply, and that the “patent illegality  ground for setting aside arbitral awards in international commercial arbitrations will not apply, it is necessary to advert to the grounds contained in and (iv) as applicable to the facts of the present case.
The Inquiry Officer without adverting to relevant aspects proceeded and submitted the report in premeditated manner and proceeded to hold charges proved.
In the present batch of cases, (herein referred to as B K Pavitra II), there is a constitutional challenge to the validity of a law enacted after the State had undertaken the exercise of collecting quantifiable data.
In the present batch of cases, (herein referred to as B K Pavitra II), there is a constitutional challenge to the validity of a law enacted after the State had undertaken the exercise of collecting quantifiable data.
They generally consist of inner ring, outer ring, rolling elements, cage and seals and come in two general shapes, that is, ball or roller.
A suitable amendment in section 6 of the Act of 1985 can be made to make only a sitting or former Chief Justice of High Court or Judge of the Supreme Court to be qualified for appointment as Chairman.
At all events, any decision by the State Government either to recommend or direct the absorption of the Society's employees was not binding on the Board, as it was a matter where it could independently take a decision.
The appeal is partly allowed to the extent as indicated above.
The reliefs sought for are essentially the same.
It is submitted that the Finance Department advised that the benefit of 6th PRC can be given to the permanent employees of the Corporation and may not be given to the employees who are on deputation or on contract basis.
Rule 13 (1) which provides for quota clearly recites that one - sixth of the substantive vacancies in the integrated Grade II and III of the general cadre shall be filled in by direct recruitment etc.
In this line, although the petitioners were sentenced to death based on the procedure established by law, the inexplicable delay on account of executive is inexcusable.
In this line, although the petitioners were sentenced to death based on the procedure established by law, the inexplicable delay on account of executive is inexcusable.
That, in view of the factual position, the accused persons are involved in heinous offences under , as such, the bail application preferred by the petitioner is misdirected and misconceived and propriety demands that law should be allowed to take its own course as the petitioner is facing trial before the competent court of law.
Though integration of services thus postulates equation of posts, it is not invariably necessary to prepare the seniority list on the basis of the pay drawn by the incumbent in the equated category.
Rajiv Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yojana (RGGVY) was launched in April 2005 by merging all ongoing schemes.
The alleged actions of a retired Judge of a High Court, allegedly assuring and promising, a ‘favourable’ decision in the aforesaid circumstances of the case which was then pending before this Court, in the aforesaid circumstances and has assured favourable orders, begs the question, and we wonder, as to what favourable orders have been passed.
In case of representation in the government service, the share is proportionate to their population but relatively lower than the Ahir/Yadava and Kurmi.
If there was a law which provided some sort of a procedure it was enough to deprive a person of his life or personal liberty.
If there was a law which provided some sort of a procedure it was enough to deprive a person of his life or personal liberty.
Today, leading Korean companies have become household names in India too.
The judgment is not correct when it says that there can be no dispute that the Impugned Regulation has been made to ensure quality of service extended to consumers by service providers.
Narendra Yadav was sitting behind him.
Though the evidential burden is initially placed on the defendant by virtue of S.118 it can be rebutted by the defendant by showing a preponderance of probabilities that such consideration as stated in the pronote, or in the suit notice or in the plaint does not exist and once the presumption is so rebutted, the said presumption 'disappears'.
The appeal was admitted only qua the appellant.
The appeal was admitted only qua the appellant.
If at all and to what extent the Government of the State of Bihar is vicariously liable for payment of arrears of salaries to the employees of the State-owned corporations, public sector undertakings or the statutory bodies is the core question involved in this writ petition.
Fourthly, the instant altering of position, should be such, that it would be iniquitous to require him to revert back to the original position.
On 25.12.2012, the prosecutrix’s statement, Ex.PW-30/D, under CrPC was recorded by PW-30, Pawan Kumar, Metropolitan Magistrate, in the form of questions by putting her multiple choice questions.
IFCI would refrain from interference in the affairs of the borrower except for the purposes provided in the terms and conditions of the loan agreement and unless new information, not earlier disclosed by the borrower, has come to the notice of IFCI.
Anunaya Kumar ...
This is, however, without prejudice to the right of the accused to seek stay against an order of remand, if, R/CR.MA/15615/2019 ORDER ultimately, granted, and the power of the learned Magistrate to consider such a request in accordance with law.
The youth are the future of our country and it is really important that they are imbibed with the right values.
In pursuance of the tri - partite agreement, an autonomous body called the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) has been formed in August, 2012 for the Darjeeling Hill Areas.
Funeral expenses to the tune of Rs.25,000/- are also awarded.
As far as argument of the counsel that the name of A-8 was not mentioned in the chargesheet, as already pointed out above, the IO (PW-19) has explained in detail that during the course of investigation, names of these accused persons kept surfacing and investigation has been proceeded accordingly.
Saudi Arabian Riyal currency notes of Rs.500/- denomination were found and in all total 88 notes were found.
In order to bring such proceedings within the ambit of investigation, it is not necessary that a formal registration of the case should have been made before proceeding to the spot.
The latter implies making of an incorrect statement with the knowledge that the statement was not correct.
Shri Naphade submits that jurisdiction of NGT constituted under , 2010 is confined to , and . is not attracted in the present case.
His views are so nebulous that no one can understand his thoughts about anything.
After expressing so, the Court took note of the fact that the Bhatia International (supra) has been followed by all the High Courts as well as by this Court on numerous occasions and, in fact, judgment rendered on 10.01.2008 in Venture Global Engineering (supra) had followed the ratio laid down in Bhatia International (supra).
It is not difficult to comprehend, what kind of challenges would be raised by rationalists, assailing practices of different faiths on diverse grounds, based on all kinds of enlightened sensibilities.
But I refuse to be blown off my feet by any.
This balance has to be kept in mind by the Court while deciding such applications.
Therefore, the individual cases cannot be isolated to state that setting aside of the selection should be restricted to only those individual cases and the entirety of the selection cannot be affected.
The clear and unambiguous expressions, used in the Constitution, must be given their full and unrestricted meaning, unless hedged-in, by any limitations.
The clear and unambiguous expressions, used in the Constitution, must be given their full and unrestricted meaning, unless hedged-in, by any limitations.
According to the prosecution, recovery of the weapon of assault i.e. the knife and seizure, amongst them, of the blood stained clothes of the deceased were also effected.
Obviously, even from his field, PW-3 must have seen the attack before he rushed to the rescue of his brother Nripen Debnath.
He stated that on the last date for filing of nomination papers in the constituency, nomination papers of only two candidates were received, namely, petitioner and respondent.
Such provision certainly allows continuance of the officers and employees of the Board to continue in employment in the same status.
As of now, there is no law made by the Parliament regulating the entire activity of education either in public sector or private sector.
451) Before considering the claim of both the sides, it is useful to refer the conclusion of the Designated Judge while determining the quantum of sentence.
There is no dispute on the fact that no such certificate had been furnished by the assessee and also that all Authorities have consistently held that if and when such certificate is produced the consequential benefit can be afforded to the assessee.
There have been measures of social justice which over the decades have slowly but surely shown results.
It is pertinent to note that Vishwanath had given an application for inspection of the area (patta) in respect of land numbers 41, 131, 162, 163 and 164 situated in Village Bairath.
It is only such evidence that can be taken into account by the Magistrate or the court to decide whether the power under CrPC is to be exercised and not on the basis of material collected during the investigation.
Joni son of Sahab Singh was on his motorcycle Bullet and Sachin son of Khilla was sitting behind him.
Joni son of Sahab Singh was on his motorcycle Bullet and Sachin son of Khilla was sitting behind him.
These provisions cannot be allowed to displace constitutional identities.
The High Court has also found that HQRL did not have the share certificates along with duly executed share transfer forms when a decision was taken at the Board meeting held on 10.5.2005 to transfer shares from Moral to Mr. R.P. Mittal.
When the rule of law is interpreted as a principle of constitutionalism, it assumes a division of governmental powers or functions that inhibits the exercise of arbitrary State power.
He submits that this is evident from the fact that even prior to the appointment of the IRP by the NCLT on 20.06.2017, the respondents had already defaulted twice and the cheques had bounced.
The instant illustration is relateable to Rule 66, wherein the pending Bill would constitute the foundation, and the Bill being introduced in anticipation of the passing of the pending Bill, would constitute the superstructure.
He declared the Dr. Rajendra Prasad Sarvodaya Vidyalaya School a solar powered green school and also launched Sajag - a Smartphone App on energy education.
It was not a case of singular rejection of the bid made by the plaintiff alone.
The said test has been evolved by conceptual hermeneutics.
Several containers remained at the premises at the time of taking possession.
A series of questions will help you examine your personal objectives and whether entrepreneurship is appropriate for you.
Thus, a total of 113 laws have been identified, analysed, put together as Report No.249 with the title “Obsolete Laws: Warranting Immediate Repeal  —- Second Interim Report and is submitted herewith for consideration of the Government.
It appears that under the Rajasthan High Court Staff Service Rules, 2002, “eligible candidates  are required to appear for a Written Examination consisting of two papers of translation from English to Hindi and vice versa carrying 100 marks each followed by a Personal Interview for 50 marks.
We may also notice that there are concurrent findings of the trial court and the appellate court, which have appreciated the evidence, and we do not think that this Court should convert itself into a third court of appeal for appreciation of evidence.
The law providing for use of Aadhaar for any purpose should be rational and proportional.
The State did not prefer any appeal against the judgment and order of acquittal passed by the trial Court.
For protection, living fence was created with palm, date palm, pigeon pea, roselle etc.
Furthermore, if the medical practitioner is of the opinion that the patient would have never intended the advance consent direction to apply in the circumstances, then the advance consent direction need not be complied with.
Such fraudulent marriages are especially on rise among non- resident Indians.4 Compulsory registration can serve as a means to ensure that conditions of a valid marriage have been performed.
It is his submission that in a given case, there can be a contract which is exclusively for sale of lift, i.e., for sale of goods which does not include any labour or service element at all where the lift is bought from a manufacturer but a separate contract for installation is entered into with an independent engineering contractor.
A three-Judge Bench of this Court justified death sentence in a case where a 16 year old girl, preparing for her Tenth Standard Examination was raped and strangulated to death.
Sri Ali did not plead in this writ petition that the Memo dated 06-05-2004 was communicated to him.
Satissh Bhaiya was running towards our rehri.
We shall briefly advert to the approach of the Sessions Court and that of the High Court.
This channel was however not constructed except to the extent of 250 feet on the side of the Nalla.
The complaint discloses several allegations pertaining to offence under and other offences mentioned therein.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has condoled the passing away of Congress leader Shri Prasanta Nandi.
NeGD would also take full - fledged role and responsibilities of Capacity Building Management Cell (CBMC) for implementing the CB Scheme in the Country.
Berkshire Health Authority (supra).
Furthermore, it would be gainsaid in stating that the mere fact that a payment of interest may be aggregated with a payment of a different nature, the said aggregation would not alter the distinct nature of interest from the money on which it is levied.
Furthermore, it would be gainsaid in stating that the mere fact that a payment of interest may be aggregated with a payment of a different nature, the said aggregation would not alter the distinct nature of interest from the money on which it is levied.
It is submitted that the petitioner was prevented by the serious sickness of his wife in joining duty on expiry of his leave and that he had duly communicated the same to the respondents.
If any observation of ours directly or indirectly touches upon this aspect, we make it clear that it is not our final opinion.
The CBI also filed a note dated 20th February, 2015 in a sealed cover.
Subject to the express provisions contained in the Code, a government lessee holds land in accordance with the terms and conditions of the grant.
While, 'Protection of Plant Varieties and Farmers' Rights Authority 'in Ministry of Agriculture administers all measures and policies relating to plant varieties.
Taking into account the above and the facts of the case which have been set out by the High Court in paragraphs 29 and 30 of its order, we do not see how the same can be faulted.
He also stated that he failed to recover the arrear as the defaulters were not found and other members of the family were not willing to make the payment.
Training at Pakistan Deposition of C.G. Sawant, API, (PW-244) 424) PW-244 was an Immigration Officer who proved the departure of the appellant to Dubai on 08.02.1993 from Bombay.
Learned Senior Counsel Mr Shanti Bhushan and Mr Sushil Kumar appearing for the accused contend, as was contended before the High Court, that the disclosure and pointing out attributed to both cannot fall within the ken of , whereas it is the contention of Mr Gopal Subramanium that there is no taboo against the admission of such information as incriminating evidence against both the accused informants.
However, in the peculiar facts of this case, the possibility of A3 being less culpable than the other accused cannot be answered in affirmative.
The Respondents raised an objection that the Civil Judge has no jurisdiction to entertain the suit since the Plaintiff’s case is that the market value of the property is more than Rs.1 lakh.
Coir Board is implementing the Plan Scheme ‘Development of Production Infrastructure’ with the objective of providing modern infrastructure facilities to the coir production units resulting in the improvement of productivity and quality and also creation of employment opportunities especially for women in the rural areas.
Thus, a Magistrate takes cognizance when he applies his mind or takes judicial notice of an offence with a view to initiating proceedings in respect of offence which is said to have been committed.
The Government of India stands ready to extend all possible assistance to the Government and people of Afghanistan.
It was to profile and store DNA data in criminal cases like homicide, sexual assault, adultery and other crimes.
The permission was initially granted upon a condition that an administrative body for the control of cricket in India would soon be formed.® 1.7 After the directive was issued by the ICC, a number of cricket bodies in India started interacting and discussing about the formation of a central cricket body in India.
In India, there is a high demand for this fish among the urban population.
Shri Sunil Gupta, learned senior counsel for the respondents, on the other hand, submitted that the provisions of the provide for a criminal offence and punishment and, therefore, must be strictly construed.
This Court, in various judgments, has reached the consensus that no hard and fast rule can be laid down in that behalf for universal application.
As stated earlier, the singular contention of Mr. Dash is that the accused persons exercised their right of private defence and even assuming they exceeded that right, they could only have been convicted for a lesser offence.
In these appeals, the appellant assails the above orders.
Such person shall proceed with the reference from the stage where his predecessor had left if both parties consent for the same; otherwise, he shall proceed de novo.
PMLA has been enacted by the Parliament as per commitment of the country to the United Nations and having global dimensions and cannot be confined to national boundaries of our country.
The low temperature necessary for preservation depends on the storage time requiredoften referred to as short or long term shortage and the type of product.
The evidence in this case leaves no room for doubt that the appellant was rightly convicted of murder.
To this end, broad recognition of substantive rights should not be defeated by some vague assumed limitations of the Court.
Therefore, there was no error in granting the relief of suspension of sentence, considering that the appeals are not going to be adjudicated in the near future.
The power is vested in a sovereign State to carry on Government.
We may note that out of eleven circumstances which the trial court has relied upon to find that the prosecution case was not proved beyond reasonable doubt, we are of the opinion that we need to concentrate on four of those circumstance, which may be sufficient, to portray that the case at hand is not proved beyond reasonable doubt.
The exposure of her breasts and genitalia to those men is intended by those who strip her to demean her.
The exposure of her breasts and genitalia to those men is intended by those who strip her to demean her.
There cannot be any doubt that delay in the lodging of the FIR often results in embellishment as well as the introduction of a distorted version of what may have actually happened, but the facts of each case have to be examined to find out whether the delay in lodging the FIR is fatal for the prosecution case.
There cannot be any doubt that delay in the lodging of the FIR often results in embellishment as well as the introduction of a distorted version of what may have actually happened, but the facts of each case have to be examined to find out whether the delay in lodging the FIR is fatal for the prosecution case.
Keeping this in view, we shall now proceed to deal with the ‘historically respected persons’.
In view of the above judgements, where-ever the term “seniority cum merit  is used it means that seniority is to be given prime importance and merely because a person happens to be more meritorious, he cannot be promoted or appointed overlooking the seniority.
Since the said position viz. such an order is intermediatory order or quasi-final order, the revisionary jurisdiction provided under , either with the District Court or with the High Court can be worked out by the aggrieved party.
We do not propose to extract sec 13C provisions again.
Gajendragadkar, J. further relied on the Bank Nationalisation Case to borrow the concept of ‘direct and immediate impediment on the freedom of trade and commerce’ from the Australian system.
Accused Mashqur was introduced to him by one Ravish, who asked him to give room on rent to accused so that he can supply the biris in the nearby market.
That leads the court to the issue of the conduct of Shri Anurag Thakur, President of BCCI.
The District Judge or Principal Judge of the City Civil Court is the officer presiding over the Court and derives his description from the nomenclature of the Court.
These are: - former princely capital Mysore with the Brindavan Gardens and Srirangapattana nearby, Sharavanabelgola with the famous monolithic statue of Gomateshwara (57 ft high), Belur, Halebid and Somnathpura with the famous Hoysala monuments; Badami, Aihole and Pattadkal for the 1, 300 year old rock - cut and structural temples; Hampi, the famous open air museum (ancient Vijayanagar); Gulbarga, Bidar and Bijapur, renowned for their Indo - saracenic monuments; Dakshina Kannada, Udupi and Uttara Kannada Districts for beautiful beaches; Mangalore and Karwar for ports; Chitradurga, Bidar, Basavakalyan and Gulbarga with attractive forts; Bandipur National Park, Bannerghatta National Park; Ranganthittu, Kokkre Bellur, Mandagadde, Gudavi, Attiveri (famous bird sanctuaries); Jog, Sathodi, Shivanasamudra, Mogod, Gokak, Abbey, Unchalli. Irupu, Hebbe, Kalhatti (mesmerising falls); Madikeri, Kemmannugundi, B. R. Hills, Nandi Hills, Kudremukh, Kodachadri (picturesque hill stations). Besides, Dussehra, Hampi, Chalukya, Kadamba, Hoysala, Kodagu and Karaga festivals are depicting art and culture of Karnataka.
This position was also not seriously disputed by the plaintiff during the hearing.
They are (i) candidate’s criminal antecedents (if any), (ii) assets and liabilities, (iii) educational qualifications.
Majority of these temples in Hampi were provided with widespread bazaars flanked on either side by storied Mandapas.
It was also put forth that it was in physical possession of the property and its construction material, machinery, office equipments and other equipments were at the site.
Minimum rate of subscription by members of the trade union is fixed at one rupee per annum for rural workers, three rupees per annum for workers in other unorganised sectors and 12 rupees per annum in all other cases.
The learned Solicitor-General submitted that when a law is amended and the amendment is declared unconstitutional, the pre-amendment law does not revive.
What has been submitted is that there is no time limit for correcting a clerical error and that being so, the respondents cannot be non-suited on the ground of delay and laches.
In our view, this is playing with the Courts.
The witness produced documentary evidence.
That the recovered objects from the scene of crime has been proved before the court.
Gurdev Singh (A-2) also took the plea of alibi and stated that he was posted as a Naib Tehsildar and in connection with his official work had gone to village Sardhaheri on the date of occurrence.
Singh, learned Counsel for the respondents No.1 and 2 and Mr. Metkari, learned AGP for the respondents No.3 to 5 at length.
As per the provisions laid down in the Act, Inams Deputy Tahsildar has to issue notice in Form-I and decision in Form-II for the inam lands alone deciding whether “the lands are held by an institution  or “not held by institution .
This Council of States, comprising of mostly nominated members was a deformed version of second chamber without reflecting true federal features.
There is no doubt that the status of PW8 is that of an interested witness.
The above arguments have been adopted by the learned counsel for the appellants in the two other appeals under consideration.
The above arguments have been adopted by the learned counsel for the appellants in the two other appeals under consideration.
This is the basic working test to be applied while granting pardons, reprieves, remissions and commutations.
Civil Appeal @ SLP(C) No.14660/2014 filed by the State will also stand allowed.
The Supreme Court as well as other constitutional courts have time and again realized that in a society undergoing fast social and economic change, static judicial interpretation of the Constitution would stultify the spirit of the Constitution.
The Assessee is not entitled to refund as it would result in unjust enrichment.
A total of 25 genetic diagnosis - cum - counseling units established since 1991 - 92 provide continuous patients services in the country to affected families to reduce common genetic disorder / disease burden.
I warmly welcome you all to India.
The power to make a reference conferred upon the Government is to be exercised to effectuate the object of the enactment and hence not unguided.
Compensatory taxes were held to be ones which did not hinder the freedom of trade, commerce and intercourse, instead facilitated the same.
The appeal is disposed of as allowed with no order as to costs.
Dr. R. D. Sharma.
It is alleged in the FIR that the Government of Haryana had issued notification u/S 4 of the , 1894 on 27.08.2004 and u/S 6 on 25.08.2005 of , 1894 for acquisition of land measuring about 912 acres for setting up an Industrial Model Township in Villages Manesar, Naurangpur and Lakhnoula in Distt.
Further, the transfer policy regarding the judges of the High Courts has not been finally given up and, in fact, is fully applicable in respect of the transfer of the Chief Justice.
Subsequent DVD/CD are not going to establish whether possession, in fact, was taken earlier.
But accidents may happen.
There is not even an evasive denial that Khatedars do not belong to Scheduled Caste.
There is not even an evasive denial that Khatedars do not belong to Scheduled Caste.
At present, the victims are the worst sufferers in a crime and they do not have much role in the court proceedings.
Those employees who opted for Regulations and had obtained advance from the Corporation out of the Contributory Provident Fund were required to refund the same within a period of six months.
Under the Income Tax Act, 'Profits and Gains of Business or Profession' are also subjected to taxation.
In case your written statement, as mentioned above, is not received within the stipulated period or if it is found to be unsatisfactory, further proceedings shall ensue without any reference to you.
We have adopted these cautions in analysing the evidence and appraising the soundness of the contrary conclusions reached by the courts below.
Nor can it be laid down as an invariable rule that interested evidence can never form the basis of conviction unless corroborated to a material extent in material particulars by independent evidence.
Nor can it be laid down as an invariable rule that interested evidence can never form the basis of conviction unless corroborated to a material extent in material particulars by independent evidence.
Therefore, judicial orders passed by civil courts of plenary jurisdiction stand on a different footing in view of the law pronounced in para 63 in Mirajkar.
Is the employer, which expression will include even the State, bound to pay pension?
Depreciation on computers at accelerated rates up to 100% over 5 years is permissible.
The real opinion formed by the Government was that the price fetched was not adequate.
The purpose of the on the one hand and the and the on the other hand are different.
The seeds of progressive thinking have to be sown and nurtured here.
Q.B.D. 818 an affidavit filed by the defendant's father stating the date of the defendant's birth in an action to which the plaintiff had not been a party was held inadmissible as evidence of the age of the defendant in support of his defence.
The sandy beaches on the edge of meandering coastline are fringed with coconut - palms.
On 12.03.1993, he saw the appellant (A-44) quarelling with a car driver in front of D.P. Jewellers, Zaveri Bazaar for parking space.
Explanation 4: If the person is an employee of the commercial organisation, it shall be presumed unless the contrary is proved that such person is a person who performs services for or on behalf of the commercial organisation.
Such power over-rides freedom of trade and commerce.
Many more students from Bangladesh are coming to India at their own cost to pursue higher studies.
Regular monitoring of conventional gaseous pollutants, radioactive pollutants in the air as well in the discharged water shall be monitored regularly as per AERB standards.
In R. v. Lawrence Lord Diplock spoke in a Bench of five and the other Law Lords agreed with him.
But equally important is to consider the impact of their release on bail on the prosecution witnesses and also its impact on society.
The decisions relied upon by the learned senior counsel for the respondents being in the factual context of respective cases are not applicable to the present case.
In California v. Brown 479 U.S. 541 and other cases, the US Courts took the view, “'Residual doubt' is not a fact about the defendant or the circumstances of the crime, but a lingering uncertainty about facts, a state of mind that exists somewhere between 'beyond a reasonable doubt' and 'absolute certainty.
Therefore, the constitutional regulation of capital punishment attempted in Bachan Singh has failed to prevent death sentences from being “arbitrarily and freakishly imposed .
Given the widespread and growing use of the internet in various aspects of life, it is vital that at least all Govt. and public sector websites are made universally accessible.
He did not have any talk with Brajesh.
TICAGRELOR is not a new form or derivative of a known substance.
Knowledge Connectivity through Common Service Centres (CSC) and IT initiatives.
The trial Court, in fact, has proceeded to rely upon the testimony of prosecutrix about the appellant threatening her that in case she discloses the incident to anyone she will be killed by the accused.
Dealing with the operational issues emerging while implementing, monitoring the programmes and providing feedback for policy framing / improvement is a part of the task assigned to the Department.
A labour court shall consist of one person only to be appointed by the appropriate Government.
Perusal of the documents reveals that the respondent-State has not come with clean hands which is evident from the counter affidavit filed by the State before the High Court in the writ petition.
The choice of sexuality is at the core of privacy.
Merchandising aids: - refers to the services provided to induce commercial buyers to purchase goods in large quantities.
Foreign currency cannot be smuggled as the person cannot move out of the country on account of his passport being impounded.
The term of office of a member of the Home Guards shall be three years.
Biometric infrastructure operates on a probabilistic system, which cannot be ‘one hundred percent infallible’.
It is also important to note that the expression “by virtue of sale of imported scheduled goods or sale of goods manufactured by consuming such imported scheduled goods …….  was added later by way of amendment and was not contained in second proviso which was construed in the ACC (supra) case.
The Systematic Support Rules enforced under regulation 108(1)(bb) required freshly exposed roof to be supported by 3 bolts at distance of 1.2 m. all the junctions within 10 m of the face was required to be supported by W strap on bolts.
The prisoner's weight in pounds is divided into 1260 to arrive at the drop in feet.
On his furnishing personal security in the sum of Rs 5 lakhs with two solvent sureties, each of the like amount, to the satisfaction of the trial court.
The said alleged disclosure statement did not bear the signature of the appellant (A- 20).
I firmly believe that in the near future, our joint initiatives in the areas of environment, agriculture, healthcare and IT will help create a solid foundation for the further enhancement of our valued partnership.
Even when some defect is found in the decision-making process, the Court must exercise its discretionary power under with great caution and should exercise them only in furtherance of public interest and not merely on the making out of a legal point.
The private sector is also a large employer and can play a commendable role in providing opportunities to differently abled persons to prove their capabilities.
Following the signing of this bilateral agreement, agreements for civil nuclear cooperation have been signed with France, Russia and Kazakhstan.
The unambiguous contention of the learned counsel for the respondent is, that the grounds/facts on which divorce is sought by the appellant, are not at all available to him under the “fault theory  on which of the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955, is founded.
The learned Judge, on the question of readiness and willingness on the part of the plaintiff to perform his part of the contract to get the sale deed executed in his favour stated that performance of his obligation is mandatory as per (c) of the and the law laid down in this regard by this Court which are referred to supra upon which the trial court has rightly relied upon and answered the contentious issues against him by recording valid and cogent reasons.
The new STI policy has also addressed the issue of right - sizing our research and development system.
The tasks of an HoM are exacting but he had no doubt that every one of them would live up to the high expectations that India had of them.
She informed her husband, that the prosecutrix VW - PW6 was missing from their residence.
We have already held that the learned trial Judge has misconstrued the order passed by the High Court.
The appellant was traveling in a tempo and the vehicles carrying smuggled arms and ammunitions were intercepted by the police.
The sentences were ordered to run concurrently.
We live in a turbulent part of the world where factors of instability have grown in the recent past.
Equally, prayer (j), asking for a direction for SBI to bring in amounts due and payable so as to purge itself of contempt does not lie against the Joint Lenders’ Forum in view of the fact that the Ericsson transaction is wholly independent of sale of assets.
She identified the appellants in course of her examination before Court clearly describing the role played by each of them in course of dacoity in their house.
In support of his submissions, learned senior counsel placed reliance upon paragraphs 50, 63, 64 to 70 of the decision of this Court in .[1] .
To be counted as one of the developed nations in the world, we have to create a ‘healthy’ India.
To be counted as one of the developed nations in the world, we have to create a ‘healthy’ India.
PW-8 stated that S.I., P.S. Muppala came to the spot but he did not record his statement.
It was pointed out, that the above power was limited, inasmuch as, the power of amendment did not include the power of amending the “core  or the “basic structure  of the Constitution.
As such there is no escape from the conclusion that the deceased gave the statement while she was conscious and in a fit state of mind.
In our view it does.
In order to establish goodwill, the claimant must have customers within the jurisdiction, as opposed to people in the jurisdiction who happen to be customers elsewhere.
The Bank then decided to sell the said mortgaged property by adopting the mode of selling property by sealed tender.
However, keeping in view the social object of preventing the victims or ostracising of victims, it would be appropriate that in judgments of all the courts i.e. trial courts, High Courts and the Supreme Court the name of the victim should not be indicated.
In spite of search she is not traced out.
As a result, we do not find any merit in any of those appeals which are accordingly dismissed.
We also find it difficult to understand the justification offered by the Division Bench that there was no failure on the part of the respondent to observe utmost devotion to duty because the case was not one of misappropriation but only of a shortage of money.
We also find it difficult to understand the justification offered by the Division Bench that there was no failure on the part of the respondent to observe utmost devotion to duty because the case was not one of misappropriation but only of a shortage of money.
Abu Salem is an extortionist and worked for Anees Ibrahim.
The M.D., A.P. Women Coop.
Nehru had an abiding faith in the parliamentary process which for him meant a responsible and responsive political system which governs through consultation and discussion.
This heading includes: (1) Liquid crystal devices consisting of a liquid crystal layer sandwiched between two sheets or plates of glass or plastics, whether or not fitted with electrical connections, presented in the piece or cut to special shapes and not constituting articles described more specifically in other headings of the Nomenclature.
The strike of the blow must be without any intention to kill or seriously injure the other.
In this context, it is imperative to analyse what is meant by “residential building .
Whether the State should frame a scheme, which directly gives benefits to improve the living standards or indirectly by increasing the means of livelihood, is for the State to decide.
Whether the State should frame a scheme, which directly gives benefits to improve the living standards or indirectly by increasing the means of livelihood, is for the State to decide.
Our Constitution recognizes, among others, equality, education and life as being fundamental rights of every citizen of India.
Neighbours would have also rushed there.
Dr. Gurusiddana Gowda, Associate Professor of Radio Diagnosis.
Fairness does import an obligation to see that no wrongdoer candidate benefits by his own wrong.
Fairness does import an obligation to see that no wrongdoer candidate benefits by his own wrong.
Merely because a person is represented by amicus before the Supreme Court of course does not imply that the person did not get good legal representation before the Supreme Court.
Any person, being in-charge of any company or an institution (by whatever name called) who fails to report the commission of an offence under sub-section (1) of in respect of a subordinate under his control, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year and with fine.
Secondly, efforts made by the party leadership, including the General Secretary AICC in-charge for North Eastern States, the President of Arunachal Pradesh Congress Committee, and other party leaders, could not rein in the 21 dissident MLAs.
He also appears to have actively participated in the upbringing of M – if the averments made by him in his petition are to be believed.
It was rightly observed by the learned Trial Judge that the delay was on account of the fact that the Investigating Officer wanted to assure himself of the veracity of her statement and hence, she was examined after she had time to recover from the shock of the incident and compose herself.
The Constitution has evolved over time, as judicial interpretation, led to the recognition of specific interests and entitlements.
In the present case, the incident is said to have taken place on 05/11/1994 at about 11:00 in the night and the FIR was lodged on 06/11/1994 at about 1:00 in the afternoon i.e. 14 hours of the incident and the police station Mahila Thana Gwalior is situated at a distance of 18 kilometers.
Body was sent for post mortem.
Body was sent for post mortem.
Once the appropriate authority ensures the strict compliance of these rules and regulations the object will stand achieved.
A well-defined radiation protection programme shall be established for radioactive waste management.
The launch of mobile telephony and faster internet network in India has enabled India tap its vast digital potential.
The State Commission is not a tribunal discharging the functions of a judicial character or a court.
She/he cares for his bodily integrity rather than bodily suffering.
This, coupled with the fact that the blood stained crowbar seized at the place of occurrence, was not sent for a chemical examination, raises a grave suspicion that the investigation was not fair and the benefit of this doubt must go to Prakash.
The grant of planning permission would only ensue upon the appellant scrutinizing the application and determining that the permissions which were sought were in accordance with the development regulations and all other planning requirements holding the field.
Since the first and foremost objective was to achieve spread of education, with the passage of time, the State has consciously been improving the emoluments which were initially granted to Niyojit Teachers.
IFR 2016 beckons nations across the world, to join us in our quest to promote safety, security and stability across the oceans of the world.
In support of the contention that actual physical possession had been taken over by the competent authority, the appellant places heavy reliance upon the fact that challenge to the proceedings under the Act mounted in Writ Petition No.2568 of 1992 by the purchasers of a part of the disputed land had failed right up to this Court and the allotment of a substantial part of the surplus land in favour of the 8 families affirmed.
That assertion is stoutly denied by the respondents giving rise to seriously disputed question of fact which may not be amenable to a satisfactory determination by the High Court in exercise of its writ jurisdiction.
That assertion is stoutly denied by the respondents giving rise to seriously disputed question of fact which may not be amenable to a satisfactory determination by the High Court in exercise of its writ jurisdiction.
It may be collected from salesmen, customers and dealers.
Above Category 7 is clearly attracted in the facts of the present case.
Thereafter, the criminal appeals came up for hearing o*n 2nd/5th January, 2015 in the Karnataka High Court before a learned Single Judge.
It was the pointed submission of the learned counsel for the appellants, that the Central Government alone had jurisdiction in the matter of acquisition of land for the Railways.
It was the pointed submission of the learned counsel for the appellants, that the Central Government alone had jurisdiction in the matter of acquisition of land for the Railways.
The effort to save the person should be the top priority not only of the medical professional but even of the police or any other citizen who happens to be connected with the matter or who happens to notice such an incident or a situation.  “Preservation of human life is of paramount importance.
PC remand of all the four accused persons were got obtained.
This case is clearly distinguishable in that it was held (see paragraphs 22 and 27) that no incentive to set up any industry to use PVC resins had been made, and secondly, it was found necessary in public interest to rescind or withdraw such notification.
We may mention at the outset that there is difference of opinion on this issue among various High Courts.
NSIC applies the tenders on behalf of single MSE / Consortia of MSEs for securing orders for them.
Thirdly, because the effect of withdrawal of the notification in the instant case may have to be seen and determined on first principles.
Pending any appeal by a convicted person, the Appellate Court may, for reasons to be recorded by it in writing, order that the execution of the sentence or order appealed against be suspended and, also, if he is in confinement, that he be released on bail, or on his own bond.
This is not to suggest that those who have made constructions after 18th August, 1992 are completely innocent.
The adjudication of the dispute before us has to be based on principles of equity.
It could have refused bail and remanded the accused to custody, but, in the circumstances and for the reasons mentioned by it, exercised its jurisdiction in favour of grant of bail.
Learned senior counsel also placed reliance on the same decisions which were cited by learned senior counsel for the appellant and contended that the law laid down therein also supports the respondent's case.
The Directorate of Lift Irrigation in the Government of Odisha was converted into Orissa Lift Irrigation Corporation Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “OLIC ).
(4) An application for the renewal of a mining lease shall be disposed of within a period of six months from the date of its receipt.
Thus, we should not entertain a petition calling for issuing certain directions which are incapable of enforcement/execution.
We need not advert to the same.
This techniques is ideally suited for area where permeable horizon is within 3m below ground level.
In the facts and circumstances of the cases, there shall be no order as to costs.
In the facts and circumstances of the cases, there shall be no order as to costs.
Trees of Sal, Chamal, Garjan and Kanak exist predominantly.
Though the question as regards competence of the CO of a Unit other than the one to which the accused belonged to convene, constitute and complete an SCM, was not raised before the High Court of Rajasthan, the other question as to the circumstances in which an SCM could be convened rather than a GCM or DCM or SGCM did arise in the matters dealt with by the High Court of Rajasthan.
Their testimonies do not inspire confidence and conduct belies their version.
We should, therefore, resort to alternative dispute resolution mechanisms such as negotiations, conciliation and mediation, in which nobody is a loser and all the parties feel satisfied at the end of the day.
According to rankings by reputed agencies, no Indian institution feature in the list of top 200 universities in the world.
This Court expressed hope and expected that the Bar Council will take appropriate action for the restoration of high professional standards among the lawyers, working of their position in the judicial system and the society.
It was held that the Petitioner (Respondent in the present appeal) is further entitled to 3 more chances.
The President stated that over the years the nation’s growth has witnessed enormous expansion and transformation.
But we find that these soft drinks are provided to refresh persons and to provide energy to them when they are exhausted.
The decisions referred to above, manifestly show that it is open to the legislature to alter the law retrospectively, provided the alteration is made in such a manner that it would no more be possible for the Court to arrive at the same verdict.
Equalising tax burdens K.6 Entry tax and imported goods M Direct and inevitable effect test; References to Benches of nine Judges, or at any rate decisions by nine, are a comparative rarity.
The Law Commission had drawn up its schedule of work keeping in view the continuity and interlinking of its reports.
PW4 Dr. Kalra, who had performed the post-mortem examination of Preet Bahul, testified on the basis of the report of the chemical analysis of her viscera that death was due to consumption of aluminum phosphide which was sufficient to cause death in due course of time.
It was, however, held that the component parts of the elevators and escalators manufactured and cleared from their respective factory would be chargeable to duty at the appropriate rates.
Raut has deposed that two accused persons arrested by PW-20 were Accused No.5- Arsil and accused No.2-Azad.
There have been initiatives in this direction but much more needs to be done.
In Sir Chunilal V. Mehta & Sons Ltd. v. Century Spg.
As a consequence, the appellants continue in the employment.
This construction cannot be easily reconciled with one of the conditions prescribed by the section.
But unfortunately, persons who are paying tax regularly but have succeeded before the Tribunal in showing that there is no tax liability, are made to face these litigations, instead of concentrating their time and energy in productive work.
Custodial service provided by SHCIL to Institutional clients include post trade settlement, safe - keeping of physical share certificates, corporate actions, valuation of securities, fund accounting and customized reporting through web.
Mayuko can ride a bicycle.
The appeal lacks merit and is dismissed.
The vendors were also subjected to duress to part with the property and the officials entrusted with the duty of registration of such transactions, were subjected to instructions from higher authorities to oblige the purchasers and that the registrations did take place at the residence of A1 on many occasions.
Explanation.—For the purposes of this clause, 'date of payment of the tax or penalty' means the date on and from which the amount of tax or penalty specified in the notice of demand issued under section 30 is paid in excess of such demand.
Explanation.—For the purposes of this clause, 'date of payment of the tax or penalty' means the date on and from which the amount of tax or penalty specified in the notice of demand issued under section 30 is paid in excess of such demand.
Consequently, no one dared to depose truthfully against the accused which led to his acquittal in more than 16 cases, one after the other.
It is accordingly submitted that in such circumstances on the principle of parity itself the entitlement of the respondents to be regularized cannot be doubted or disputed.
It is accordingly submitted that in such circumstances on the principle of parity itself the entitlement of the respondents to be regularized cannot be doubted or disputed.
In the general ledger account, all the debit entries are recorded on the left hand side, while, the credit entries are recorded on its right hand side.
The ‘backstrap’ or the loin loom is commonly used for weaving.
In reality, however, they have yet to go a long way to achieve this Constitutional status.
The Committee was requested, while examining these issues, to submit its recommendations.
4) That after opening the Demat account, the complainant kept on placing orders for purchase of share on the accused and made payments against the running account from time to time.
On the facts available to the Court, it can be safely said that the accused is not likely to be menace or threat or danger to society.
Subsequent assent, in other words, cures the absence of recommendation or sanction.
It is when the reimbursement of 80% of the expenses was sought for from the Central Government, that the problems arose, since in keeping with the composite scheme, the concerned States had not enhanced the age of superannuation simultaneously.
On the one hand, the judicial order included Hon’ble the Chief Justice of India to hear this matter on merits while, on the other hand, prayer is being made in the application filed today i.e. i.e. 13.11.2017 as well as by learned counsel appearing on behalf of the petitioner that Hon’ble the Chief Justice of India should neither hear the matter, nor assign it on the administrative side.
I am told that the Cluster Development Programme of the Government has been active in building capacity, upgrading infrastructure and setting up common facility centres.
However, we make it clear that in a transfer petition, no direction can be issued for video conferencing.
In the matter of sale of public property, the dominant consideration is to secure the best price for the property to be sold and this could be achieved only when there is maximum public participation in the process of sale and everybody has an opportunity of making an offer.
According to him, condition B(12) wherein the bar owners are prohibited from serving of any alcoholic beverage at areas where dances are staged is disproportionate and manifestly arbitrary.
The Appellate Tribunal further proceeds to hold that the scheme provides for assured Return on Equity (ROE) which is at the rate of 14% on the equity employed for the purpose of supplying electricity.
Mahavir, Gautam Buddha and Mahatma Gandhi guided the people to ingrain these values in their daily life.
Having regard to the professional courses, it deserves to be emphasised that all concerned including Governments, State and Central both, MCI/DCI, colleges — new or old, students, Boards, universities, examining authorities, etc. are required to strictly adhere to the time schedule wherever provided for; there should not be midstream admissions; admissions should not be in excess of sanctioned intake capacity or in excess of quota of anyone, whether State or management.
Further, the qunatum of levy indicates that it is a tax and not a fee.
Further, in the last portion of the second part the words used are “in the identified posts for each disability  and not “of identified posts .
It is a well known fact that the is a welfare legislation.
With regard to 5 posts under 30% quota it was stated that selection was finalised on 09.01.2001 as per the reservation rules prevalent at the relevant time.
It is due to all such advantages, the number of organizations outsourcing services to India has only been increasing over the years.
Gupta Vs UOI reported in AIR 1982 Supreme Court 149, Supreme Court Advocates on Record Association Vs UOI reported in 1993(4) SCC 441 and Special Reference 1 of 1998 reported in 1998(7) SCC 739, the Supreme Court has virtually re-written Articles 124(2) and Articles 217 which pertain to appointment of Supreme Court Judges respectively.
Learned counsel for defendant-appellant in support of appeal has submitted that it is an undisputed fact that compensation to the tune of Rs. 3,200/- was already awarded to defendant-appellant and her minor son.
The petitioners alleged in support of their petitions under that the Punjab Government has in pursuance of their policy of nationalization of text books issued a series of notifications regarding the printing, publication and sale of these books and thereby ousted them from the business altogether.
The President would also be felicitated by five cultural personalities (Eminent artists : Supriya Debi, Sandhya Mukherjee, Dwijen Mukhopadhyay, Kalyani Kazi and Jogen Chowdhury), three representatives of Chamber of Commerce(CIL/FICCI/ASSOCHAM), and by the Mohan Bagan Sporting Club, East Bengal Club, Mohamedan Sporting Club and CAB.
Shri Nidhesh Gupta, learned senior counsel appearing for private respondents in C.A. No.5272 of 2016 has submitted that the State auctioned coal on a meagre price, whereas market rate of the coal is approximately Rs.10,000/- per MT.
Most important facet of the matter is about the date of arrest of accused persons.
The Director Level Tender Committee of the 1st respondent agreed with the report of the tender evaluation committee and recommended to accept the lowest offer of respondent No. 2 and the work order was to be issued after compliance of certain technical requirements.
Therefore, in the facts and circumstances of the instant case, where members of the respondent Union have been employed in terms of the Regulations and have been consistently engaged in service for the past thirty to forty years, of course with short breaks, we feel, the Union of India would consider enacting an appropriate regulation/scheme for absorption and regularisation of the services of the casual workers engaged by the BRO for execution of its ongoing projects.
There is no doubt whatsoever that there was no linkage with any sale of assets of these Companies.
There is no doubt whatsoever that there was no linkage with any sale of assets of these Companies.
In case of clean / unsecured loan, an undertaking to be obtained from the borrower stating that the loan has been utilized for the purpose declared.
After the inaugural, the Chairman Law Commission who presided over the said Seminar, opened the discussion to the various participants which included mainly advocates, senior Police officials, government officials , NGOs, representatives of Judge Advocates General of the Army, Navy and Air Force and Jail Officials.
IFCI, since its inception has been playing a crucial role in accelerating industrial growth of the country as also instrumental in creating socio - economic climate conducive for achieving rapid industrial development of the country.
It is not possible for us to accept, that the aforesaid order passed by the High Court was an order in personam.
Therefore, the conclusion of the learned Single Judge as well as by the Division Bench on the said score is not sustainable.
The money had been received by cheque and the amounts had been utilised for making payments to the MCD authorities.
The appeals are dismissed with cost in terms of the signed judgment.
The year for which the new entrants are required to submit details of umrah pilgrims has been clarified – removed ambiguity and confusion and HGOs.
Today, the female literacy levels according to the Literacy Rate 2011 census are 65.46%, where the male literacy rate is over 80%.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
Mukhiya Jee (A-13).
Each party affirms that he or she fully and accurately disclosed all the assets owned by him or her in which he or she has any interest.
XXI has mentioned that strict construction may be avoided or at least reduced by limiting the remedy where a counter mischief would arise if the remedy provided by the Act was eschewed widely.
After an effective consultation with the Chief Justice of India, it is open to the President to arrive at a proper decision of the question whether a Judge should be transferred to another High Court because, what the Constitution requires is consultation with the Chief Justice, not his concurrence with the proposed transfer.
They demonstrate the high level of confidence that we have in each other and our commitment to leverage our resources and expertise for the progress of our peoples.
These values constitute the essence of India.
My lord, An unfortunate, anti-institutional and manipulative trend set up by unscrupulous litigants with aim to bench hunt has led this complaint.
As a result thereof, the suit filed by Respondent Nos. 1 to 7 out of which these appeals arise is dismissed with no order as to costs.
Therefore, having re-appreciated the entire evidence on record, we concur with the courts below that appellants Jamnadas and Manoj had common intention with Dhanwantari in commission of brutal murder of Bhoomi @ Richa.
A conjoint reading of these provisions makes it crystal clear that the committal of a case exclusively triable by the Court of Session, in a case instituted by the police is mandatory.
Unless urban poverty is understood in the context of vulnerability, any policy intervention will fail to deliver the expected outcomes.
Where the circumstances justifying the conduct exist, the illegality which is manifest cannot be sustained on the sole ground of laches.
Where the operative reason for State action, as distinguished from motive inducing from the antechamber of the mind, is not legitimate and relevant but is extraneous and outside the area of permissible considerations, it would :amount to mala fide exercise of power and that is hit by Arts.
Where the operative reason for State action, as distinguished from motive inducing from the antechamber of the mind, is not legitimate and relevant but is extraneous and outside the area of permissible considerations, it would :amount to mala fide exercise of power and that is hit by Arts.
The petition filed by the appellant and the one filed by the owner were heard together.
He urged the officer trainees to be the agents of the change which they wish to see in their society and country.
Thereafter, the said property was re-conveyed in favour of Chikkaabbiah.
There is also no absolute evidence of appellant giving his revolver to the prime accused.
In another sense, the word implies ‘a relation to the body or flesh as the state of basic physical appetites’.
The prayer sought by the investigating officer for Summary “A  is allowed.
The importance of foreign trade is more than ever before in today’s globalised world.
It admits of all degrees of comparison; and is often connected with other words, which increase or diminish the impression the mind receives of the urgency it imports.
If the aforesaid findings of the courts below are read together, none of them has disbelieved either of the witnesses.
The protection of ‘personal laws’ of religious sections, is elevated to the stature of a fundamental right, inasmuch as of the Constitution, which affords such protection to ‘personal law’ is a part of Part III (– Fundamental Rights), of the Constitution.
Diesel prices have been deregulated and are now market driven.
Appearance of wilted, drooping shoots is the typical symptom.
For instance, what shall be the effect of deposit of Entry Tax in separate interest-bearing account in pursuance of the interim order of this Court dated 09.02.2004 in Civil Appeal Nos.997-998 of 2004 as noted above needs to be considered.
In such a fact-situation, a duty is cast on the court to adopt greater care while scrutinising the evidence of the police official.
In such a fact-situation, a duty is cast on the court to adopt greater care while scrutinising the evidence of the police official.
In a message sent to Ms. Sakshi Malik, the President has said, 'I am extremely happy to hear of your success in winning the Bronze Medal in women’s wrestling 58 kg category at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
It was also alleged in the FIR that those funds were not utilized for the purpose for which the same were obtained from the bank and were siphoned off through M/s Orson Electronics Limited and other fictitious firms.
It was also alleged in the FIR that those funds were not utilized for the purpose for which the same were obtained from the bank and were siphoned off through M/s Orson Electronics Limited and other fictitious firms.
It is to guide future generations by its basic choices.
I am in respectful agreement with the nine postulations summarized by the Learned Chief Justice regarding the purport of and Apart from the general principles of interpretations in my considered opinion, the relevant provisions of the Constitution especially those relating to legislative powers, the provisions limiting those powers, the external aids like Constituent Assembly Debates, other documents and the precedents are required to be considered.
In such case it would not only be proper but also obligatory both legally and morally to rectify the error.
Gaya Din and Shiv Nath are shown as lease holders.
Although, it is true that this Committee's recommendations do disclose that the object of the regulation is to curb the abuse of introduction of new entities as qualifying parties, this again is tempered with a later sentence which states that if schemes do not really involve or deal with a target company per se, then only would the treatment of such open offer obligations be different.
Shri Kapil Sibal, Shri H. Ahmedi and Shri Harin P. Raval, learned Senior Counsel led the arguments on behalf of the appellant.
I have had the advantage of going through an elaborate, well considered and scholarly drafted judgment proposed by my esteemed Sister Justice Indu Malhotra.
If an employee wanted to withdraw, he could have withdrawn prior to 15.2.2001 but as is the admitted position, none of the employees withdrew.
These are good reasons for remonstrating with him, or reasoning with him, or persuading him, or entreating him, but not for compelling him, or visiting him with any evil in case he do otherwise.
A sitting of the House is duly constituted when it is presided over by the Chairman or a member competent to preside over a sitting of the House under the Constitution or the Rules of Procedure of Rajya Sabha.
That such an eventuality is not theoretical is clear from the facts of this case itself.
Having noted the above factors and inasmuch as we are convinced that Clause 27 is a valid arbitration agreement contained in the MoU dated 17.8.2007, the appellant was fully entitled to invoke the said agreement and seek for a reference to the Arbitrator.
According to the minutes, each school under the Self Financing scheme was to be a viable unit.
In Satish Kumar Sharma7, which has been elaborately noted in the earlier part of the judgment, this Court found from the appointment/promotion orders in respect of the appellant therein that he was required to work in the legal cell of the Secretariat of the Board.
There were five transactions in which, following the principles laid down in Gannon Dunkerley & Co. relating to works contract, this Court ruled that those transactions are not exigible to sales tax under various State enactments.
The incident had taken place in the morning hours around 8:00 to 9:00 a.m.
There may be cases wherein the part of the dying declaration which is not found to be correct is so indissolubly linked with the other part of the dying declaration that it is not possible to sever the two parts.
A - reference was also made to Muralidhar in this regard.
A - reference was also made to Muralidhar in this regard.
Since has been made subject to the next succeeding sections, it will be noted that the next succeeding sections in the form of , , and provide for the conditions and limitations subject to which the deeming provision operates.
Thereafter another letter dated 30.12.2006 was written.
Further, as rightly stated by the High Court in the impugned judgment that when a specific power is conferred in a specific contingency to a different authority, such power has to be read in addition to the general power for the amendment in the bye-laws.
Further, as rightly stated by the High Court in the impugned judgment that when a specific power is conferred in a specific contingency to a different authority, such power has to be read in addition to the general power for the amendment in the bye-laws.
But, for High courts and_ other subordinate Courts exercising jurisdiction in any State, laws relating to Court-fees can only be made by the Legislature of a State as per Art.246(3) read with Entry 3 of List II.  III - EXAMINATION OF ISSUE FROM THE CONSTITUTIONAL ANGLE (ARTICLE 14) 3.1 Now, we shall address the question whether it is constitutionally permissible to prescribe a different and higher court-fee for the corporations.
For the aforesaid reasons, I find absolutely no infirmity in the impugned judgment and decree passed by the learned trial Court.
The tests that are applied to find out whether a person is an employee or an independent contractor may not automatically apply in finding out whether the contract labour agreement is a sham, nominal and is a mere camouflage.
In that case, one unfortunate feature that was noted was that experience over the years has shown that the orders passed by Information Commissions have, at times, gone beyond the provisions of the Right to and that Information Commissions have not been able to harmonise the conflicting interests indicated in the preamble and other provisions of the Act.
In the report, an attempt has been made to suggest number of judges as are required to reduce delays.
Under the existing system of PAN only demographic data is captured.
Applying objective criteria, we find that Helm has received the penultimate sentence for relatively minor criminal conduct.
Applying objective criteria, we find that Helm has received the penultimate sentence for relatively minor criminal conduct.
Then for the initial inquiry some investigative body other than a select committee may be properly considered and the questions of the power to compel evidence and of safeguards may be more readily considered at the later stage.
It would appear that insufficient consideration was given to any of the foregoing questions when the Act of the Parliament was passed in 1986 to establish the Parliamentary Commission of Inquiry.
That body also combined the functions of locating evidence, conducting a formal hearing of evidence and advising the Houses on the judgment of the evidence.
These separate entities in the Police Department are described differently as 'Fire Brigade Services', 'Finger Print and Handwriting Centres', 'Dog Squad', 'Central Workshop of Police Transport', 'Police Communication', 'Statistical Section', 'Police Photo Section', 'Forensic Science Laboratory', 'Clothing Store', 'Miscellaneous Force', 'Missing Persons Bureau', 'Juvenile Aid Bureau' etc.
The appellant has challenged that the amount awarded by the Tribunal towards pain and suffering and loss of amenities to be very meager.
The manner in which the investigation was conducted by the officer who eventually filed the final report and the transfer of the investigation earlier to another officer who had almost completed the investigation and the entire case diary which has been adverted to in detail in the protest petition prima facie makes out a case against the husband and the wife regarding collusion and the intention to cheat from the very beginning, inducing him to hand over a huge sum of money to both of them.
The manner in which the investigation was conducted by the officer who eventually filed the final report and the transfer of the investigation earlier to another officer who had almost completed the investigation and the entire case diary which has been adverted to in detail in the protest petition prima facie makes out a case against the husband and the wife regarding collusion and the intention to cheat from the very beginning, inducing him to hand over a huge sum of money to both of them.
The postmortem has revealed that the fracture of the hyoid bone is characterised by the absence of hemorrhage in the tissues around the fracture.
But they soon recover from the blight and rise to glory again with new vibrations.
A plain reading of makes it clear that in arriving at profits earned from export of both self-manufactured goods and trading goods, the profits and losses in both the trades have to be taken into consideration.
Aggrieved by the judgment of the learned Single Judge a writ appeal was filed before the Division Bench by the BCCI.
Fasting is an important treatment modality for health preservation.
He also saw A-3 assaulting deceased-Basavaraj on the head and A-2 and A-4 also doing so with a stick and stone.
He also saw A-3 assaulting deceased-Basavaraj on the head and A-2 and A-4 also doing so with a stick and stone.
His cross examination in relation to test identification parade shows that complexion of dummies was black and fair.
The data collected by these REs is segregated and there exists no way of aggregating this data.
Undisputedly, no such notice was issued to the first defendant.
A new programme on biotechnology in tasar sericulture has been recently initiated in collaboration with Central Silk Board.
From the principles laid down in many an authority of this Court, it is clear as crystal that no time limit can be stipulated for disposal of the criminal trial.
As a result, LGBT individuals are forced to either lead a life of solitary existence without a companion, or lead a closeted life as “unapprehended felons .38 criminalises the entire class of LGBT persons since sexual intercourse between such persons, is considered to be carnal and “against the order of nature .
This adjustment is not genuine and the relevant amount should be recovered from Mr. Atul Kumar or his flat may be attached.
This Court found that the agreement conferring jurisdiction on a court not having jurisdiction was not legal, valid and enforceable.
In view of the express provision that no insurer other than an Indian insurance company shall begin to carry on any class of insurance business in India, the provisions relating to external companies, ss.62 to 64, be repealed.
Once this is done, and the adjudicating authority finds that either there is no repayment of the unpaid operational debt after the invoice () or the invoice or notice of payment to the corporate debtor has been delivered by the operational creditor (), or that no notice of dispute has been received by the operational creditor from the corporate debtor or that there is no record of such dispute in the information utility (), or that there is no disciplinary proceeding pending against any resolution professional proposed by the operational creditor (), it shall admit the application within 14 days of the receipt of the application, after which the corporate insolvency resolution process gets triggered.
If he had not detected it, then the reason is as simple as that.
The second illustration can be of a Notification where two posts are kept unreserved and one post is reserved for candidates belonging to BC-D (The petitioner as well as the 7th respondent belong to BC-D category and in the Notification out of which the present controversy arises, no vacancy was reserved for BC-D).
Besides, there is also an Information Technology (IT) Policy, which aims to make Maharashtra the most favoured destination for investments in the IT and ITES industry.
INCON Associates is declared null and void.
However, as shall be noticed hereafter later, even if the questions foregoing are answered in favour of the plaintiffs, another point would still arise for determination as to whether, on the facts and in the circumstances of this case, the decree passed by the High Court, for the relief of specific performance on enhanced market value of the suit property, is justified or if any other form of relief shall meet the ends of justice?
However, as shall be noticed hereafter later, even if the questions foregoing are answered in favour of the plaintiffs, another point would still arise for determination as to whether, on the facts and in the circumstances of this case, the decree passed by the High Court, for the relief of specific performance on enhanced market value of the suit property, is justified or if any other form of relief shall meet the ends of justice?
It is, therefore, clear that the Designated Court was right in taking the view that withdrawal from prosecution is not to be permitted mechanically by the court on an application for that purpose made by the public prosecutor.
53) As appealing this argument may sound good, the implementation of this suggestion becomes difficult on more than one count.
A person cannot be permitted to unleash vendetta to harass any person needlessly.
No evidence was led by the accused.
They throw new light on the context of the Retreats by analysing the development of hill stations and the evolution of Hyderabad’s military cantonments.
In this backdrop, it was urged that there is no general or vested right to leave service during the period of engagement and any application has to be considered on a case to case basis.
The police in our country must go beyond its role of being a law enforcing body.
Both are essential attributes of privacy which makes no distinction between the birth marks of individuals.
Planning, development and management of water resources need to be governed by national perspectives.
In ancient days, the Guru's parting advice to students was that they should be truthful, virtuous and not deviate from their conviction.
It would undermine the “implicit assurance  that citizens of a democracy, particularly minorities or vulnerable groups are placed on the same footing as the majority.
Principles analogous to those applied in England should be applied to measure the cost of such establishment.
In the aforesaid circumstances, this Court felt that the recovery after several years of the implementation of the pay-scale would not be just and proper.
In the aforesaid circumstances, this Court felt that the recovery after several years of the implementation of the pay-scale would not be just and proper.
Though the appellant and Vinu (A-2) were arrested, no Test Identification Parade was conducted.
Though the appellant and Vinu (A-2) were arrested, no Test Identification Parade was conducted.
An individual on authorized leave would be deemed to be entitled to travel at public expense.
I have heard them at length.
As the cancellation of the allotment in case of Amrapali could have led to greater complications as construction had commenced with third-party interest created.
The President will return to Secunderabad the same day.
The interpretation is that there is a permanent independent and unqualified power of removal.
The High Court after re-examination the evidence on record found that the order passed by the trial court was perverse and against the evidence on record.
The amendment made in 2005 in was innocuous and is not an amendment with which we are directly concerned.
Bani Singh, a Three Judge Bench decision, posits that if an appeal is not dismissed summarily, then the Appellate Court should, after perusing the records, hear the Appellant or his pleader.
I am very happy to note that both the Graduating courses have undertaken projects involving state-of-the-art technologies, ranging from Biometrics to Solar Power.
The intention of the parties is explicit and clear; they have agreed that the dispute, if any, would be referred to an arbitrator.
This is far-fetched argument of the learned counsel and therefore, the same cannot be accepted by us for the reason that the acquisition notification available in the original record would clearly show that the land is acquired by the NCT, Delhi and not on behalf of the Central Government.
If the court, on being impressed of his genuineness, accepts the apology then it could be said that the contemnor has purged himself of the guilt.
On the question as to where the appeal could be lodged we are clearly of the view that the forum was governed by the provisions of the Goa, Daman and Diu (Extension of Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 and , 1940) Act, 1965 XXX of 1965) read with the provisions of the Goa, Daman & Diu Civil Court Act, 1965 (Goa Act XVI of 1965) both of which came into force simultaneously on June 15, 1966 and the appeal was required to be filed in the Judicial Commissioner's Court.
Many projects were undertaken during the year in the field of information technology, small and medium enterprises, civil construction and vocational training in different parts of the world.
The fundamental point - which has to be remembered – is that any law made by the Centre or State Legislature in regard to appointment of Public Prosecutors must conform to the principles governing administration of criminal justice in which the public prosecutor has an independent and special role as stated in Chapter II .
Appellants disclosed, as the only then existing way to make such a polymer, a method of making the crystalline form.
The police had arrived and taken them both to the hospital.
The High Court condoned the delay and also entertained the review petition on merits and not only allowed those review petitions but even reversed the orders made earlier in the civil revision petitions by allowing those petitions and ordering eviction of the appellants/ tenants.
The High Court condoned the delay and also entertained the review petition on merits and not only allowed those review petitions but even reversed the orders made earlier in the civil revision petitions by allowing those petitions and ordering eviction of the appellants/ tenants.
That being the factual and legal position, we find no reasons to interfere with the judgment of the High Court.
Per contra, learned counsel for the accused-respondent No. 2 has duly supported the order impugned with the submissions that the appellant only seeks protraction of the trial with the baseless application under CrPC.
The Appellant was born on 22.08.1985 to Dharam Singh through his 1st wife.
It is a magna carta of socio-economic transformation.
Initially, NPA was paid at a fixed rate commensurate with the rank of the doctors and their pay scale.
Factually, it is true that the panch witness Suresh Satam (PW.37) himself has admitted that his brother was employee of the police department of Maharashtra.
The bid of the auction-purchaser for Rs. 8,50,000 was accepted being the highest bid.
The sentences of Rigorous Imprisonments imposed for the offences under and of IPC shall run concurrently.
There are two aspects of the opinion of Dr D.Y. Chandrachud, J., one of which is common to the opinion of Rohinton F. Nariman, J., needing specific mention.
The public is sensitive to the visibility of lesbians and gays as socially and legally constructed miscreants.
The existence of a dispute with respect to this Agreement between the parties shall not relieve either party from performance of its obligations under this Agreement that are not the subject of such dispute.
The reactor operated at a power level of 17. 4 MWt and the turbo - generator was connected to the grid, feeding 1. 8 million units of electricity.
This Court noted that since both the parties had sought divorce, the marriage had broken down and the parties had agreed to a decree of divorce by mutual consent.
This Court noted that since both the parties had sought divorce, the marriage had broken down and the parties had agreed to a decree of divorce by mutual consent.
IST Reason: exercise of powers conferred under Section 90 of the Jharkhand , 1915 came to be allowed on the ground that the State had no legislative competence to levy tax/fee on the import of rectified spirit, as it is a non-potable liquor i.e. alcohol not fit for human consumption.
Third, the petitioner seeks a bifurcation of this court into what he describes as a “Supreme criminal court , with similar divisions to hear PIL, tax, service, land disputes and miscellaneous matters (etc.).
We are of the view that in order to enhance a sense of security and inclusion, the Union Government in the Ministry of Home Affairs should take proactive steps to monitor the redressal of issues pertaining to racial discrimination faced by citizens of the nation drawn from the north-east.
Further, all the accused-appellants were arrested on 05.07.1995 from their home at Hullatti village.
Two-third members of the two Houses of Parliament did not necessarily represent even the majority of the people.
Firstly, the seat of Arbitration which is in London and secondly the clause that English Law will apply.
He also referred to and relied upon a proposed amendment by Shri Shibban Lal Saxena, by which it was sought to place the aforesaid Entry 30 into the Concurrent List, so that Parliament may also have a say in the relief of agricultural indebtedness.
In 1992, the grant of FL-3 licence was restricted to hotels having Two Star and above classification.
A judgment or order made by consent is binding unless and until it has been set aside in proceedings instituted for that purpose and it acts, moreover, as an estoppel by record.
In view of the framing of the Rules, 2017 and further on completion of recruitment in pursuance of order of this Court which was challenged in the writ petition before the High Court, which has been dismissed, nothing survives in the SLP to decide.
In view of the framing of the Rules, 2017 and further on completion of recruitment in pursuance of order of this Court which was challenged in the writ petition before the High Court, which has been dismissed, nothing survives in the SLP to decide.
No. 1 to its original file and request the High Court to decide the writ petition on merits in accordance with law.
The question in the present case is whether this conduct of the accused apparently falls under any of the six descriptions of IPC as mentioned above.
India has various types of soil ranging from the fertile alluvial of the Indo - Gangetic plains to the black and red soils of the Deccan Plateau.
The time frame in which a reply will be sent should also be indicated.
It is the cause of atrocity on woman and many unfortunate deaths of young ladies.
Measures for ensuring information security.
The trial court meticulously scanned the evidence and opined that there was no sufficient light at the scene of offence to enable the witnesses to identify the accused.
The trial court meticulously scanned the evidence and opined that there was no sufficient light at the scene of offence to enable the witnesses to identify the accused.
Charges were framed against the accused/respondents under IPC to which they pleaded not guilty.
The petitioner submits that vide letter dated 31.01.2019, the Haryana State Board of Technical Education (HSBTE) considered the request of the petitioner and consented to grant affiliation for the academic session 2019- 2020 and that on 25.03.2019, a joint inspection of the petitioner was conducted by the AICTE and HSBTE and that in the meanwhile the PCI considered the application of the petitioner in its meeting held on 09 th and 10th April 2019 and granted approval for the academic session 2019-20 for both the courses.
In doing so privacy recognises that living a life of dignity is essential for a human being to fulfill the liberties and freedoms which are the cornerstone of the Constitution.
Furthermore, in the event the Sessions Judge ultimately found material against the persons named in column 2 of the police report, the trial would have to be commenced de novo against such persons which would not only lead to duplication of the trial, but also prolong the same.
My Lords, I do not doubt that in construing the latest of a series of Acts dealing with a specific subject- matter, particularly where all such Acts are to be read as one, great weight should be attached to any scheme which can be seen in clear outline and amendments in later Acts should if possible be construed consistently with that scheme.
He did not do so.
He did not do so.
It is a qualification of the preceding enactment which is expressed in terms too general to be quite accurate.
In the circumstances, the reasons regarding undue burden on the Exchequer and requirement of Multiplexes in the State as stated, were absurd and baseless.
Had the other accused intended to kill Kennedy and the witnesses, they would have inflicted injuries on the vital organs or used the surest weapon of committing murder and not mere sickles/sticks.
In all, three surgeries were performed.
Guru Arjan Sahib, the Fifth Nanak, conceived the idea of creating a central place of worship for the Sikhs and he himself designed the architecture of Sri Harmandir Sahib.
He cannot put forward the defence that he did not with his own hands commit the offence committed in prosecution of the common object of the unlawful assembly or such as the members of the assembly knew to be likely to be committed in prosecution of that object.
To overcome the shortage of nursing staff, Government has sanctioned over 200 nursing schools in remote and under - served districts in the last two years.
Both the Civil Appeals were disposed of on the above basis.
It will apply to situations in which the weaker party is in a position in which he can obtain goods or services or means of livelihood only upon the terms imposed by the stronger party or go without them.
This was an ingenious case where respondent No. 1 deliberately and fraudulently signed and issued a cheque from the CEPL account to his own company, namely, Cherraan Constructions Limited (CCL) for Rs. 5 crore (when there was no transaction, liability to the payee or authority to issue the cheque) and then caused the cheque to be dishonoured.
As per the explanation to this Bye-law.
In Ebert vs. Official Receiver 2001 EWCA (civ) 340: 2002(1) LR 320 (CA) the court held that the equivalent statutory procedure in sec 42(4) of the 1981 Act was convention compliant.
Shri Padmanabhan worked with rare zeal and single - minded devotion for the transformation of the downtrodden in society.
The courts have declined 'to be bound by the letter, when it frustrates the patent purposes of the statute'.
The Authority has to ensure that the State Governments should construct proper hydraulic structures at all important anicut sites in the basin with provision of appropriate regulation mechanism.
If the appellants accept the claim of the respondents about the unjustness of penalty or quantum thereof, they would be free to withdraw or modify their claim for recovery of penalty amount, if so advised.
It exercises powers and functions which are adjudicatory in character and legal in nature.
Dr. Ambedkar also referred to the Constitution of USA and highlighted the difference between Indian Federation and American Federation.
BIFR, on admitting such a reference, was supposed to undertake the exercise whether such a sick company can be revived or not.
On 29.6.2001, the said charge-sheet was received by the Chief Judicial Magistrate, Dhubri.
According to the respondent-wife, all efforts made by her have failed, only on account of the rigid attitude of her husband.
According to the respondent-wife, all efforts made by her have failed, only on account of the rigid attitude of her husband.
Conclusion 80 B. Recommendations 84 Annexure - The Code of Criminal Procedure 92 (Amendment) Bill, 2018 List of Cases 101 iii Acknowledgements The subject matter of this Report required a focused study for framing of new provision for providing legal remedies to the wrongully prosecuted, as no such legislative framework exists today.
In this case, we find that the learned Single Judge did exceed his jurisdiction on this issue and hence interference to this extent is called for.
If they want to produce sensational films, they must take care in describing them not to use any language likely to bring about any derangement in the carriage of justice  In another case, where the publication described an act of the accused as ‘murder’, when the issue before the jury was whether the car in question got burnt due to some reason or whether it was intentionally set fire by the accused to kill the occupant, it was held likely to mislead the jury.
Inside the temple, there is a well.
Your past experiences will help determine if you should consider entrepreneurship.
The PSCC Act, as already indicated, does not define the expression “licensor  and “licensee .
Repayment: From Export proceeds, Proceeds of negotiation / Discounting of Export Bills.
When the Constitution makers have thought fit not to subject such regulation to Constitutional limitations by recognition of a fundamental right to privacy, analogous to the American Fourth Amendment, we have no justification to import it, into a totally different fundamental right, by some process of strained construction.
Thereafter, these law firms sought approval from RBI and RBI granted the approval in spite of the rejection of FIPB.
Thereafter, these law firms sought approval from RBI and RBI granted the approval in spite of the rejection of FIPB.
SC 202 wherein it has been held that no doubt trustworthy evidence of a single witness may be enough to convict accused persons in appropriate cases but where a criminal court is dealing with evidence pertaining to an offence involving large number of offenders and a large number of victims, it is usual to adopt the test of support by two or three or more witnesses if they give a consistent account of the incident.
The counsel contended that there was no meeting of mind between the appellant Narender and other appellants, thus, in the absence thereof, it would be highly unsafe to convict the appellant Narender on the basis of the common intention.
Clause 42.0 deals with 'Compensation for extended stay'.
Moreover, since the promise of Aadhaar as a unique identity hinges on the uniqueness of biometrics, it would be logical to assume that any update to biometric data should go through the same rigour as a new enrolment.
We further find that it is nothing but abuse of process of law on the part of the complainant to implicate the appellants in a criminal case after a period of twelve years of execution of registered sale deeds in question, who is neither party to the sale deeds nor a member of the Society.
Since Chanda Singh (PW-6) did not offer any statement to ASI Karam Chand (PW-4), since Narinder Singh was then alive, there was no occasion for recording the statement of Chanda Singh.
Additionally, learned counsel would submit that certain lady members, certain organizations and welfare committees are to be involved.
Later on, he said that while retracting confession that his signature had been obtained forcibly.
Later on, he said that while retracting confession that his signature had been obtained forcibly.
In view of the deletion of “Right to Property  from Part III of the Constitution of India as a fundamental right under the 43rd Constitutional Amendment and the same right being only a Constitutional Right under , the High Court ought not have exercised its jurisdiction under as a public law remedy for awarding compensation (for an alleged breach of “Right to Property , a non-fundamental right) when in all decided cases the Court has confined juris- diction of Constitutional Courts as “Public Law Remedy  only in cases of breach/violation of fundamental right and that too only the right of the Constitution.
The respondents/objectors averred further that the appellant was present at the time of execution of two other Wills by the testator in favour of one Kisan Lal and Vimala Devi and suggested that he (appellant) by playing fraud on him (testator) might have got his Will signed, in the process of getting the above two documents executed.
It recorded that due to variability of the annual yield of a river from year to year, depending upon the rainfall distribution, consequent run off and withdrawals, etc., such data is collected for a number of years to assess the reliable yield.
The State of Andhra Pradesh and the Union of India both contested the claim of the petitioner on merits and at law.
The explanation together with the deeming fiction added by the is only clarificatory of this position in law.
He took oath that he will take revenge for the killing of his aunt during riots and also that he will take revenge from Hindus and will not disclose about the conspiracy to anyone.
He took oath that he will take revenge for the killing of his aunt during riots and also that he will take revenge from Hindus and will not disclose about the conspiracy to anyone.
This has to be done in a manner that does not discriminate between the goods so imported and goods so manufactured or produced in the state which imposes the tax.
The High Court, vide the impugned judgment, was pleased to allow the writ petition preferred by respondent No.1 herein by quashing the decision dated November 22, 2010 of the Bid Evaluation Committee (for short, 'BEC') and directed that the bid of the appellant, as accepted by it on September 08, 2010, be dealt with in accordance with law from the stage of such acceptance.
The last stipulates that every Statute, Ordinance or Regulation made under the Act, should be published in the Official Gazette and that it should be laid down, as soon as it is made before the Madhya Pradesh Legislative Assembly.
The Lad Bazaar road terminates in a square called Mahaboob Chowk where a large 19thcentury clock - tower looms over a delicate white mosque of the same period.
It is further alleged that when the deceased Madan Tamang was at the venue in the morning of 21st May, 2010 overseeing the preparations for the meeting by his party-men, a group of about 400 supporters of GJMM armed with khukries, patang, swords, sticks and firearms attacked him and brutally axed him to death with the aid of sharp weapons.
This has to be addressed through suitable rehabilitation policies and programmes in wide - ranging sectors like education, employment and social development.
The learned Trial Court also held that plaintiff, in collusion with PW2, has got executed a sham document in his favour.
The amount of protein required for boys (16 - 18 years) weighing 57 kg weight is 78 gm per day, whereas same age group girls weighing 50kg need 63 gm / day.
The remaining balance amount was required to be paid within three months.
In this sense, higher education should offer a bridge between scientific knowledge and societal needs.
Even if the accused does not ask for a lawyer or he remains silent, it is the Constitutional duty of the court to provide him with a lawyer before commencing the trial.
An element of deliberation together is also read into the concept.
An apprehension has been voiced by the counsel for the petitioners that the minority institutions or the educational institutions belonging to special classes would be adversely affected because of the introduction of the NEET.
Bioremediation: Bio desulphurization of petroleum oil by non - pathogenic micro - organisms slated to be completed within one year.
The family is in abject poverty.
After feeding all the necessary information finally, the rock library is generated by using lab spectra.
About four months after planting, harvesting begins.
The Constitution seeks to establish a secular socialist democratic republic in which every citizen has equality of status and of opportunity, to promote among the people dignity of the individual, unity and integrity of the nation transcending them from caste, sectional, religious barriers fostering fraternity among them in an integrated Bharat.
Profits and gains of business or profession.
Towards this end, the Law Commission recommends a specific rule making power for Bar Council of India to make rules for verification of certificates of Advocates and for periodical verification of antecedents, conduct, place of practice of Advocates; and to make a data based web-portal of all the advocates.
It was pointed out, that it was inter alia on the receipt of a report from the Governor of a State, that the President may, in case of failure of the constitutional machinery, declare that the power of the Legislature of the State, would be exercised under the authority of the Parliament.
The submission is that the EIA report has conveniently glossed over the areas adverted to by the Kasturirangan report as an ESZ.
Under the working of the Madras Agriculturist' Relief Act of 1938, debts were scaled down by about 47 per cent and the provisions of the Act can, by no logic be characterized as drastic.
Indian registered companies having a net worth of Rs. 2. 5 crore and paid up equity of Rs. 2. 5 crore are eligible to apply.
All this implies that the case is instituted in the Magistrate’s Court when the Magistrate takes cognizance of an offence, in which event the case is one instituted on a complaint or a police report.
We have been informed that ashes of Cow Dung Cakes are being used during the Bhasm Aarti.
Necessary instructions by the DGPs/ Commissioners of Police be also issued to all the police station incharge by the DGPs/Commissioner of Police incorporating the directions issued by us and recorded hereinbefore.
This included MILAN 08, SIMBEX 08, INDINDO Copat, KONKAN 08, VARUNA 08, IBSAMAR, HABUNAG 08, MALABAR 08 etc.
The Processing fee of Rs. 4000 + 1000 is applicable for processing of accreditation for Academic and Vocational Courses.
However, we agree with learned counsel for the appellant that this would make no material difference inasmuch as is a definition Section defining “urban area  for the purpose of only and for no other purpose.
The learned Single Judge has also held that Disciplinary Authority failed to prove that absence from the duty was willful nor any such findings have been recorded by the Inquiry Officer, whereas, the writ petitioner has submitted the medical certificate to prove that he was suffering from Tuberculosis(T.B.).
These respondents, thus, supported the rationale by drawing distinction between the two classes of ex-servicemen, namely, those who had joined armed forces during Emergency and those who had not and it is only the first category which could be entitled to the benefit of past service.
We do not therefore, deem it appropriate to decide these Contempt Petitions purely on this issue and, therefore, proceed to consider the merits and Cont..
It may be permissible for Muslims to enter into four marriages with four women and for anyone whether a Muslim or belonging to any other community or religion to procreate as many children as he likes but no religion in India dictates or mandates as an obligation to enter into bigamy or polygamy or to have children more than one.
The Court, therefore, has to take judicial notice of this aspect while considering the question of use of mark and the international reputation associated with the trademark ROCA.
The 25 CRA-1014-2015 accused can maintain silence on a particular issue, but once, he appears as a defence witness, then he has to explain each and every circumstance.
It is therefore directed that the completion certificate and the lease agreement for the first phase be issued expeditiously but not later than a period of 30 days from the date of receipt of this order.
Undertake any other functions entrusted from time to time by the Board of Directors of NABARD.
It only saves the inherent power which the Court possessed before the enactment of the Code.
So it has become necessary to save all the permits granted by the RTAs.
The data included data necessary to trace and identify the source of communication and its destination, to identify the date, time duration, type of communication, IP address, telephone number and other fields.
After carrying out those four amendments in the Constitution, the election will have to be conducted to constitute the new body, which would then take steps to introduce further amendments to the Constitution, if so required, to bring it in line with the National Sports Code, after giving an opportunity to all concerned.
After carrying out those four amendments in the Constitution, the election will have to be conducted to constitute the new body, which would then take steps to introduce further amendments to the Constitution, if so required, to bring it in line with the National Sports Code, after giving an opportunity to all concerned.
The above depositions of PW-45 and PW-596, corroborate with the confession of the appellant and those of the 3 co-accused persons mentioned above and unmistakably establish the possession of the contraband material by the appellant within a notified area.
Messo has one sister Guddi (PW- 9) who is married to Bhoop Singh.
So also the authority inviting tenders can enter into negotiations or grant relaxation for bona fide and cogent reasons provided such relaxation is permissible under the terms governing the tender process.
So also the authority inviting tenders can enter into negotiations or grant relaxation for bona fide and cogent reasons provided such relaxation is permissible under the terms governing the tender process.
This Court also noticed the economic superiority principle for the purpose of levy of turnover tax while holding that the interpretation of statute would not depend upon contingency.
No such appointments should, declared this Court, be made for pursuing a political purpose or for giving some undue advantage to any particular section.
Challenging the conviction and sentence Nanak Ram preferred appeal in Criminal Appeal No.314 of 1990 on the file of High Court of Judicature at Rajasthan at Jodhpur and the High Court partly allowed the appeal by setting aside the conviction under read with IPC and instead convicted him for offence under Section 304 Part II read with IPC and sentenced him to undergo five years rigorous imprisonment and maintained all the other convictions and sentences imposed by the Sessions Court.
It is the same evidence which would be reappreciated, and the inclusion of such evidence vitiates the principles of fair trial.
It is the same evidence which would be reappreciated, and the inclusion of such evidence vitiates the principles of fair trial.
An Ordinance is susceptible of a challenge based on a violation of a guaranteed fundamental right and would be void to the extent of an infraction of a fundamental right guaranteed by Part III.
Also, a reading of the various penal provisions that are contained in the Act, starting with Section 50 would show that there is no penalty for selling above MRP in hotels and/or restaurants.
The global economy is today portraying signs of revival but its consolidation will depend on how quickly its growth centres, especially the US and Europe, recovers.
The respondents are merely graduates in Science.
The various service providers are BSNL, Reliance, HSCL, Spice telecom, Airtel, Hutch and TATA.
Monu Mittal had developed grudge against the deceased because he inspected the petrol pump run by him on 13.9.2005 and pointed out certain irregularities, and on his intimation to IOC (Ext. Ka-34), the sales and supplies of the pump were suspended.
Confessional Statement of Faki Ali Faki Ahmed Subedar (A-74): In his confession he has admitted that he had met the appellant (A-81) at the house of Shabir and took the smuggled goods from there with the help of appellant (A-81), duly assisted by Abdullah Ibrahim Surti (A-66) and Jamir Sayyed Ismail Kadri (A-133).
Approximately 44% of the total donations received in the Sabrang Trust and approximately 35% of the total donations received in the CJP, were transferred to their personal accounts.
We are disposed to think so, for when an independent order is passed making a demand, the employer cannot be totally remediless and would have no right even to file an objection pertaining to computation.
Over the past century, various perspectives on learning have emerged, among them —cognitive (learning as a mental operation); and constructivist (knowledge as a constructed element resulting from the learning process).
Unless there is a pleading especially with regard to the source of title, the defendant of a suit has no opportunity to rebut such pleading thus an evidence with regard to which there is no pleading can not be relied by the plaintiff for setting up his title in a suit.
Without equality, liberty would produce the supremacy of the few over the many.
There are at present 19 units in the organized sector for the manufacture of rubber machinery, mainly required for tyre or tube industry.
Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited is committed to continue rendering support to the Global Compact programme of the United Nations and will Endeavour to abide by the ten Principles of the programme, some of which are a part of our Vision and Mission Statements.
The whole transaction was nothing but farce.
The High Court having come to the conclusion that Inquiry Officer has acted as prosecutor also, the capacity of independent adjudicator was lost which adversely affecting his independent role of adjudicator.
A Constitutional Court can do so, if it finds that, such a course of action is necessary in order to do justice between the parties, to instil confidence in the public mind, or where the investigation by the State Police lacks creditability.
There may also be a contempt of this court in prejudicing mankind against persons before the cause is heard.  13 2.2 Halsbury’s Law of England defining “contempt of court  states: “Any act done or writing published which is calculated to bring a court or a Judge into contempt, or to lower his authority, or to interfere with the due course of justice or the lawful process of the court, is a contempt of court.
Members – Heads of the member offices of central government situated in the town.
Advance Directives have gained lawful recognition in several jurisdictions by way of legislation and in certain countries through judicial pronouncements.
The advertisement No.37 dated 9.7.2003 insofar as it advertised 467 vacancies which arose up to 30.06.2003 due to death, resignation or retirement is quashed.
The successful exercise of such judicial power calls for rare intellectual disinterestedness and penetration, lest limitation in personal experience and imagination operate as limitations of the Constitution.
The speeches in the legislatures are said to afford no guide because members who speak in favour or against a particular provision or amendment only indicate [pic]their understanding of the provision which would not be admissible as an aid for construing the provision.
The learned senior counsel then contended that cognizance of the offence was taken by the Magistrate based on the charge- sheet and when once there was application of judicial mind with a view to proceed with the matter, the requirement of cognizance was fulfilled.
Therefore, the second question is answered in the affirmative.
Such government instructions cannot alter the basic principle of laid down ratio between the DR and promotes.
One such principle, the rule of law, contains within it a number of requirements such as the right of the individual to access to the law and that power should not be arbitrarily exercised.
In view of the foregoing discussion on the issue above, the place where the concerned cheque had been dishonoured, which in the case in hand was Tangi, Orissa, the Appeal is allowed with the direction that the Complaint be returned to the Complainant for further action in accordance with law.
In view of the foregoing discussion on the issue above, the place where the concerned cheque had been dishonoured, which in the case in hand was Tangi, Orissa, the Appeal is allowed with the direction that the Complaint be returned to the Complainant for further action in accordance with law.
The increased air connectivity between Mahe and Mumbai will promote tourist flows in both directions and help to intensify business contacts and enhance bilateral trade and investment.
Thus, significant investment opportunities exist in all the segments of the power sector.
The proposed measure which seeks to liberalise certain existing provisions relating to termination of pregnancy has been conceived (1) as a health measure–when there is danger to life or risk to physical or mental health of the woman; (2) on humanitarian grounds–such as when pregnancy arises from a sex crime like rape or intercourse with a lunatic woman, etc.; and (3) eugenic grounds–where there is substantial risk that the child, if born, would suffer from deformities and diseases.
The present case, in our opinion, is one in which we need to make it clear that the overruling of the Full Bench decision of the Madhya Pradesh High Court will not affect cases that have already been tried or are at an advanced stage before the Magistrates in terms of the said decision.
We may hasten to clarify that the Court, if it thinks fit, regard being had to the parameters of quashing and the self-restraint imposed by law, has the jurisdiction to quash the investigation and may pass appropriate interim orders as thought apposite in law, but it is absolutely inconceivable and unthinkable to pass an order of the present nature while declining to interfere or expressing opinion that it is not appropriate to stay the investigation.
She explained how various innovative measures have made a huge difference in Rashtrapati Bhavan and the life of people in the President’s Estate.
India - Nepal Joint Group of Experts (JGE) has been overseeing the physical and financial progress with respect to finalization of Joint Detailed Project Report of Pancheshwar Multipurpose Project.
In fact, the accusation of the appellant, on the aforesaid premise, in the first complaint filed by the appellant against the respondent (under of the Indian Penal Code) was not entertained, and the respondent was discharged, just because of the above inference.
What has been elicited in the cross-examination is that he was not going daily to the tube-well.
This objection was responded to by observing that since Parliament had to be convened atleast twice every year and not more than six months would intervene between the last sitting and the date appointed for the next session, an ordinance could not continue for a period of more than seven and a half months.
Managing the cash you make during the season will help you get through off - season.
There is no proper answer to each and every entry which have been gone into by the Auditors.
Mr. Maninder Singh, learned Additional Solicitor General and other learned counsel appearing for various States pray for four weeks' time to obtain instructions in this regard.
The State carried an appeal to this Court.
Single seedling with seed and soil are transplanted by using index finger and thumb and gently placing them at the intersection of markings.
It emphasized the need for re-examining the goals and adding new areas and means of action; responding to new challenges by promoting learning in all aspects of life through all the institutions of society; responding by including local content in basic education and acknowledging the essential role of the mother tongue for initial instruction.
The necessity for including holding and subsidiary companies as defined under the , 1956 is to lift the corporate veil in order to get to the economic realities of the transaction.
Mr. Maninder Singh has also highlighted problems of implementation like managing of the cadre in case the utilization of the additional vacancies is to be done within a shorter time frame of say five years.
The desire of the family, that the accused-appellant should marry the prosecutrix was based on the undisputed factual position, that Karthick had had sexual intercourse with Poomari repeatedly.
The desire of the family, that the accused-appellant should marry the prosecutrix was based on the undisputed factual position, that Karthick had had sexual intercourse with Poomari repeatedly.
In the year 1995, Chief Minister of the Pondicherry suggested three names for nominations whereas President, Puducherry Pradesh Congress Committee also suggested three different names.
The bail bonds of the accused persons are discharged.
In respect of the false implication on the appellant, it has come on record in the statement of Nand Kishore (PW2), who is father of the prosecutrix, that a sum of Rs.500/- was taken on loan by him from the appellant.
If there is any complaint of torture then medical examination has to be ordered and thereafter he shall be sent to judicial custody.
Admittedly, on 2nd March, 2017 the report submitted by the Additional Public Prosecutor dated 28th February, 2017 was still undecided.
PW7 also proved rukka Ex.PW7/A and correctly identified accused in the court.
P.N: Break-up of the types of cases (as mentioned in Col.3(b)(i) & 3(c) instituted in and disposed of by each category of Courts may be furnished.
Justice Scalia, with whom the Chief Justice and Justice Thomas joined, found no reason to undo the Bowers (supra) verdict stating that stare decisis should carry the day.
To put it differently, by legal fiction created under , the Presidency of Madras (Madras Province) became lessee under the 1886 Lease Agreement.
The above facts clearly show non-compliance with the procedure under BPTA.
OPP (3) Relief.
Most important points in regard to the rights and obligations of the parties to a surrogacy and rights of the surrogate child the proposed legislation should include have been given in this Report.
The view taken by the two-judge bench in Revathi (supra), that the absence of the right of the wife of an adulterous husband to sue him, or his paramour, was well-balanced by the inability of the husband to prosecute his adulterous wife for adultery, cannot be sustained.
Ezaj was their worker, it was incumbent upon them to prove that he was employed by them and was also paid salary in which they miserably failed.
It would seem to rule out reliance on or a challenge to a ministerial statement itself on judicial review of the decision embodied in that statement (which was permitted in R v Secretary of State for the Home Department, Ex p Brind [1991] 1 AC 696, and to which no objection has been raised in the present case), or to resolve an ambiguity in legislation (Pepper v Hart [1993] AC 593), or to assist in establishing the policy objectives of an enactment (Wilson v First County Trust Ltd (No 2) [2004] 1 AC 816).
It would seem to rule out reliance on or a challenge to a ministerial statement itself on judicial review of the decision embodied in that statement (which was permitted in R v Secretary of State for the Home Department, Ex p Brind [1991] 1 AC 696, and to which no objection has been raised in the present case), or to resolve an ambiguity in legislation (Pepper v Hart [1993] AC 593), or to assist in establishing the policy objectives of an enactment (Wilson v First County Trust Ltd (No 2) [2004] 1 AC 816).
He further admitted that he was given Rs.5,000/- by Dawood Taklya (A-14) as a reward for participating in the landing.
Before we proceed to exposit the facts, regard being had to the questions posed by us, we think it seemly to refer to certain principles laid down by this Court.
Let the matter be listed on 19.02.2018 at 2.00 P.M. for final disposal.
It is in the above situation, namely, where the wall-paintings itself contained the ingredients of the commission of corrupt practice alleged that the non- furnishing of the same along with the Election Petition was held to be fatal.
Both learned Single Judge and the Division Bench referred to para 7(b) of the Appendix II referred to in Regulations 48, 173 and 185 of the Pension Regulations, 1961 to hold that if any disease has led to the individuals discharge it shall be ordinarily deemed to have arisen in the service if no note of it was made at the time of individual's acceptance for military service.
A democratic body polity which is wedded to the rule of law, anxiously guards liberty.
The Court, therefore, has to play an active role in protecting their dignity.
High Court also made observation against the landlord that the motive of landlord is to secure the possession back and profit hunting.
The appellants, pursuant to the order of the Supreme Court, not only paid the entire amount but also paid ground rent and further paid 10 per cent penalty on the forfeited amount.
Tamil Nadu has rich resource endowment.
It is not possible to assess the injury caused to the schools nor is it possible to award any compensation by allowing revised fees to be realised from any earlier date such as 1.6.2012 as prayed on behalf of the appellant.
On the basis of the Essentiality Certificate, the Appellant No.3 - University Trust proceeded with the project to establish the medical college as a constituent unit of the proposed private University and made necessary investments in that regard.
Inasmuch as the Bill in question was a Money Bill, the contrary contention by the petitioner against the passing of the said Bill by the Legislative Assembly alone is unacceptable.
The math is the owner of the endowed property.
Indian legislation has not, however, progressed, notwithstanding the Brussels Protocol of 1968 adopting the Visby Rules or the United Nations Convention on the Carriage of Goods by Sea, 1978 adopting the Hamburg Rules.
It also showed physical management of the business as well.
However, just before the expiry of one order, another identical order is passed.
It must however be emphasized that efflux of time and escalation of price of property, by itself, cannot be a valid ground to deny the relief of specific performance.
Beyond this part, the case of the respondent-accused is that the complainant took security cheques from all the milk suppliers and used to pay the amount for one year in advance for which the milk had to be supplied.
Beyond this part, the case of the respondent-accused is that the complainant took security cheques from all the milk suppliers and used to pay the amount for one year in advance for which the milk had to be supplied.
The Attorney General, on the other hand, responded by contending that the standstill agreement entered into with various Indian States were purely temporary arrangements designed to maintain the status quo ante in respect of certain administrative matters of common concern pending the accession of those States to the Dominion of India and they were superseded by the instrument of Accession executed by the Rulers of those states.
That fact is required to be gone into.
Provided that, in the absence of any local law, conveyance deed in favour of the allottee or the association of the allottees or the competent authority, as the case may be, under this section shall be carried out by the promoter within three months from date of issue of occupancy certificate.
We have noticed above that Power Purchase Agreement allocated the energy to the Gujarat Electricity Board to the extent of 58% and 42% power supply was to be given to sisters concern i.e. ESSAR Gujarat, ESSAR Steel and ESSAR Oil as a special case.
Dr. Chandelkar has also mentioned about kerosene smell from the body.
Reliance placed by learned counsel on the judgments rendered by this Court, in support of the instant contention, is also unacceptable, as the factual position in the judgments relied upon, are inapplicable to the facts and circumstances of this case.
The respondents, on the other hand, have supported the conclusion arrived at by the Hearing Committee and the Competent Authority.
The object of a gazette notification under (3) is to keep matters in the public domain but not to affect 3rd party rights since the land is merely being transferred from a subordinate state instrumentality to the Sovereign State itself.
Para 2 of the summary reads to say that according to the majority, “ does not enable Parliament to alter the basic structure or framework of the Constitution .
We are informed by the Narcotics Control Board that significant time of the NDPS Court is expended in dealing with bail and other criminal matters.
It is greatly to the plaintiff’s advantage to show that that he has suffered the same, indivisible harm at the hands of a number of defendants for he thereby avoids the risk, inherent in cases where there are different injuries, of finding that one defendant is insolvent (or uninsured) and being unable to execute judgment against him.
Schedule I of the abovementioned Regulation provides for accommodation in the medical college and its teaching hospital.
More information on plant protection is available through pest management and plant protection schemes (External website that opens in a new window) of the Government.
Even as one awaits the recovery of demand in the developed economies India needs to maintain the focus of its trade policy on developing new export markets in the emerging and the developing countries where growth prospects in the medium - term remain considerably better than in the developed countries.
We thus, make it clear that our observations may not be treated as affecting the decision of the said appeal.
He built many temples, and art and literature flourished in his times.
It cannot include the right of the Government to levy assessment on the lands.
Leasing out of a major portion of the land for other purposes may not be in the best interests of the Trust.
Therefore, overall germination was not good.
However, there is no such prayer in the application for permission to file written submissions.
A fresh medical report was called for on 14.06.2007 which opined on 19.06.2007 that the appellant was a chronic patient of psychotics who has been evaluated time and again by the Mental Hospital, Nagpur, the present doctor at Akola and also by the Psychiatrist.
On that basis, it was contended by the complainant before the High Court that it was a case where the main accused (Mr. Solanki) who is a former Member of Parliament had won over all the witnesses including the eye-witnesses by his sheer power and position.
The issue deserves to be looked into from another angle.
The Government of India Act 1858, initiated for the first time non-official participation in the Council.
Before we answer the questions posed, to have our conscience clear, we had called upon UPSC to produce the answer papers of both the candidates.
The Court referred to the observations made in Ajit Savant Majagvai (supra) though they were made in a different context because it had condignly stated the enormity of the problem which has also reflections on female foeticide that has affected the sex ratio.
There shall be no further accommodation on that day.
I also affirm on behalf of the Answering Respondent that seeking to ‘regulate’ a barbaric event involving unnecessary pain and suffering for the animals forced to participate in the same cannot legalize or confer legitimacy upon the event.
Hence, the factum of insertion of iron rods in the private parts of the prosecutrix is also fortified by the scientific evidence.
We need highly qualified and competent nuclear scientists and engineers, professionals in the areas of nuclear safety and security as well as a new generation of project managers.
It also impinges upon the voluntary nature of the Aadhaar scheme.
Order 47 Rule 5 of the Code and Chapter 3 Rule 5 of the High Court Rules require, and in fact mandate that if the Judges who made the order in regard to which review is sought continue to be the Judges of the Court, they should hear the application for review and not any other Judges unless precluded by death, retirement or absence from the Court for a period of six months from the date of the application.
Further the mortgagee, who takes possession of the mortgaged property, must manage it as person of ordinary prudence would manage if it were his own; and he must not commit any act which is destructive or permanently injurious to the property.
We are told that not every State has established such a Commission making it difficult for any corrective or remedial measures in respect of the review and implementation of the NFS Act.
This Court has often emphasised that in a criminal case the fate of the proceedings cannot always be left entirely in the hands of the parties, crime being public wrong in breach and violation of public rights and duties, which affects the whole community as a community and is harmful to society in general.
It is only in the absence of any of the aforesaid, that Rule 12(3) postulates the determination of age of the concerned child, on the basis of medical opinion.
Coming back to the case of the appellant, there is yet another angle to the matter.
The application gave examples to illustrate the invention, making it clear at the same time that those illustrations did not limit the invention in any way.
Therefore, the respondents had acted in a grossly arbitrary and discriminatory manner.
The allegations mentioned in paragraphs 12 to 15, so far as commission of corrupt practice of submission of false/incorrect return of election expenses is concerned, are, therefore, struck off.
The High Court was, therefore, justified in holding that there is no valid reservation as at present no matter the government can make such a reservation if so advised in the manner prescribed by law.
It can therefore be safely presumed that if the Sessions Court itself had acquitted the respondent, the appellant would not have decided to terminate his services on this ground.
Therefore, we have to set aside the orders of dismissal passed against the appellants by accepting the alternative legal plea as urged above having regard to the facts and circumstances of the case.
The President also expressed condolences over the sad demise of a Delhi Police constable who was injured in clashes with protesters and requested the youth that they control their emotions. He said that reason should not be thrown to the winds and violence is not the solution.
Per contra, Mr. Kapil Sibal, learned senior counsel appearing for the respondents submitted that the application of comes at the very initial stage of the suit whereas the provision of Order XIV Rule 2 can be invoked at the time of framing of issues.
One area can be characterized as the protection of distinctive signs, in particular trademarks (which distinguish the goods or services of one undertaking from those of other undertakings) and geographical indications (which identify a good as originating in a place where a given characteristic of the good is essentially attributable to its geographical origin).
It also includes setting up of exclusive Industrial Parks for NRI investors.
Turkeys of all age group can be easily driven from one place to another with the help of a stick.
Learned counsels for the respondents/writ petitioners, in reply, have contended that the provisions of both the statutes can co-exist and run parallelly without any conflict.
Thus, after making the entire premium for number of years, i.e. during the duration of the policy, the amount would still remain with the LIC.
In cases where the misconduct is held to be proved, and reinstatement is itself a consequential benefit arising from imposition of a lesser punishment, award of back wages for the period when the employee has not worked, may amount to rewarding the delinquent employee and punishing the employer for taking action for the misconduct committed by the employee.
In cases where the misconduct is held to be proved, and reinstatement is itself a consequential benefit arising from imposition of a lesser punishment, award of back wages for the period when the employee has not worked, may amount to rewarding the delinquent employee and punishing the employer for taking action for the misconduct committed by the employee.
Thus, the Tribunal has committed error of law as well as of record in recording its finding as demonstrated above.
Thus historically in some cases the US Congress did not consider the constitutional requirement of good behaviour and high crimes and misdemeanor as being conjoined.
In our opinion, the tax recoverable from the tenant under Section 67(3) of the NDMC Act as arrears of rent by the appellant cannot be considered to be forming part of the rent for the purpose of seeking eviction/ejectment of the respondent who defaults in payment of such recoverable tax as rent.
At this stage, it is necessary to refer to this case in some detail as it goes into the legislative history of , and the Presidential Orders made under the said Article.
Having heard learned counsel for the parties, we are of the opinion that Shri N. Venkatraman is right.
Transgressions in absolute duties directly affect the community at large, and therefore, offences falling in this category are as a rule non-compoundable.
More professionalism needs to be infused in them.
With reference to appointment of Judges of the Supreme Court, it was held, that the Chief Justice of India was required to be consulted, but the Central Government was not bound to act in accordance with the opinion of the Chief Justice of India, even though, his opinion was entitled to great weight.
The Bill replaces the Second Schedule to lay down a new scheme for calculating the compensation amount payable to a victim or his/her kin.
The appellants also argued very forcefully that the impugned action against the appellants who belong to different batches (commencing from 2008) is unsustainable in view of the long lapse of time between the date of the alleged malpractice committed by the appellants and the date of the action by the respondents.
The President said there are certain areas regarding holding of elections which require attention and there areaberrations which need to becorrected.
P 172 was made by A3 who also signed in their presence.
In the counter-affidavit filed by B. R. Varma, Deputy Secretary to the Government of Mysore, Education Department, there is a clear averment that the Government gave the direction contained in Annexure IV and a similar letter was issued to the selection committee for admissions to Medical Colleges and this averment was not denied by the appellants by filing any affidavit.
In no uncertain terms the Court observed that the Press and recognizes ‘Editor’ and presumption is only against him.
Betal Singh and Rambabu 4 CRA-1106-2015 intervened in the matter.
The Judicial Selection Commission comprised of judges, lawyers and political appointees.
A repeal and a displacement of a Legislative provision by a fresh enactment can only take place after that elaborate procedure has been followed in toto.
The High Court rejected the second bail application with the observation that the evidence on record did not warrant grant of bail.
Therefore, the argument of the respondents that the subject-matter of the suit did not fall within the ambit of the arbitration clause of the original partnership deed dated 7-4-2003 cannot be sustained.
After sometime, customs officers R.K. Singh (A-102), the appellant (A-90), and 4-5 other customs officials were preparing to leave office in a white Ambassador and a jeep.
A couple of centuries ago, philosophical approach was given to the conception of human dignity.
Report was called for to be submitted by the Additional Chief Secretary with respect to the grievance of the Institutions similar to that of the petitioner-Institution.
Personal liberty of the person who is incarcerated is to a great extent curtailed by punitive detention.
Dr. Kadam had the vision to develop this organization into a full-fledged University.
This would amount to higher minimum wages being paid for a worker in the lower category on the basis of deemed classification.
He kept these rifles and the ammunition in the dickey of his Fiat Car No.MMU 4372.
To reiterate, having regard to the materials available, we are of the opinion, mainly in the face of the disclosures in the latest status report, that presently further confinement of the appellant in judicial custody is not an indispensable necessity for the unhindered investigation, that is in progress.
It also contains provisions pertaining to breach of a contract.
We did not know the time exactly.
Brief facts of case are: The appellant(complainant) and the respondent (accused) were known to each other and had good relations.
On appeal to the High Court the appeal preferred by accused Subhash was allowed and he was acquitted of the charges and at the same time, the appeals preferred by the other appellants/accused were dismissed.
Holding of such performances was also made a punishable offence.
Since the State Government had even refused to send such a request, this Court was of the view that the act of the State Government in refusing to send recommendation was contrary to the MoU dated May 15, 2002 and direction was issued to do the needful.
Mr. Sanjeev Bhatnagar, who has filed an application for intervention, appearing in-person has submitted that there can be no doubt that the National Anthem and the National Flag are to be respected and every citizen is obliged to show respect, but the cinema halls may not be the appropriate place.
That is, the fiction is to the effect that the Act of 1988 had come into force when such thing was done or action was taken.
In the higher education sector, India is endowed with 659 degree awarding institutions and 33, 023 colleges.
In this case, this Court dealt with the regulations framed by various electricity boards.
Amrit Vanaspati Company are also in the joint names of Arun Kumar Goyal (i.e. complainant) and Devinder Kumar Goyal and consequently both the complainant and Devinder Kumar Goyal have equal shares in them.
Future technology is for decrease in the sensing and response time of the equipment and greater automation control, i. e., without manual interference.
At this stage, we would like to recapitulate our order dated 5th January, 2018 reiterating that, notwithstanding the conviction of the accused appellant, this Court would like to consider the question of the validity of the very initiation of the prosecution against the appellant.
It was held, that the petitioners, who were engaged on temporary basis as Supervisors, were entitled to be paid on the same basis, and in the same pay-scale, at which those employed in the regular cadre discharging similar duties as Supervisors, were being paid.
On 06.03.1997, he was out of Delhi and was in possession of his rifle and no shot was fired from the same.
Consumer cooperative stores: - are the cooperative stores which are owned and operated by the consumers themselves.
Since this function was ultimately performed only by superior courts, the impugned section was held to be unconstitutional.
She should not apply collyrium on her eyes or oil on her body, or bathe in water; she should sleep on the floor and not sleep during the day; she should not touch the fire, make a rope, brush her teeth, eat meat, or look at the planets; she should not laugh, do any work, or run; and she should drink out of a large pot or from her cupped hands or a copper vessel.
Mutual harmony and respect have to be maintained by all the three organs to serve the Constitution under which we all live.
Mutual harmony and respect have to be maintained by all the three organs to serve the Constitution under which we all live.
The Court also considered the cases of Ajay Hasia etc.
This programme includes formulae for calculating areas of some geometrical figures and the application of these concepts in three - dimensional contexts.
Appropriate Governments shall – (a) identify posts in establishments under them which can be reserved for persons with benchmark disability as mentioned in ; (b) at periodical intervals not exceeding three years, review and revise the list of identified posts, taking into consideration developments in technology. .
Lotus (Nelumbo Nucipera Gaertn) is the National Flower of India.
The accused- appellant Karthick, besides being a neighbour of the prosecutrix Poomari (the prosecutrix Poomari (PW1)) also belonged to the same caste as the prosecutrix.
This is to protect the State revenue.
Post mortem was conducted by members of the board and in their opinion cause of death was hypovolumic shock as a result of ante-mortem burn and the death had occurred within 24 hours and there was no evidence of suicide or accidental fire and therefore the case was homicidal.
Post mortem was conducted by members of the board and in their opinion cause of death was hypovolumic shock as a result of ante-mortem burn and the death had occurred within 24 hours and there was no evidence of suicide or accidental fire and therefore the case was homicidal.
We may also point out that in this case the original applicant has tried to project the case as if he is filing the case in the public interest and has prayed for certain general directions.
I am also, therefore, of the view that the appeals deserve to be allowed and are accordingly allowed.
We would also like to emphasise that there has to be undoubtedly greater clarity on the processes and a better understanding between various authorities so that developers are not left in the lurch – violators have to be punished but it cannot be that the authorities continue to do a flip-flop-flip putting the large investments at stake in a jeopardy.
The complaint of the appellants really is not that they had been deprived of a right of appeal against the judgment of the Subordinate Court, which they have not been, but that an appeal on the facts against that judgment was heard by the District Court and not by the High Court.
When it receives impressions from different sources, it is the totality of the impressions which goes into the making of the decision and it is not possible to analyse and dissect the impressions and predicate which impressions went into the making of the decision and which did not.
Iflaw iscommonsensethen its development does not necessarily and wholly depend upon the knowledge oflawyers law or statutory law.
An initial amount of Rs. 100 crore for FY 2008 - 09 was allocated to the Department for establishing the National Knowledge Network.
The cases under appeal are from suits where the issues are entirely different.
The cases under appeal are from suits where the issues are entirely different.
M/s A.R. Mercantile Private Limited.
Admittedly, the provisions of the said Rules of 1958 had not been followed in the present case insofar as the promulgation of the guidelines is concerned.
Anwar Theba (AA) had inserted timer pencil detonators in the black chemical (RDX) filled in dicky of the scooter.
Opacity enures to the benefit of those who monopolize scarce economic resources.
The adverse impact on affected families-economic, environmental, social and cultural-must be assessed in participatory and transparent manner.
However, interference on this ground would also be only if something shocks the court's conscience.
Be it noted, in the said case, the work under the contract had already been executed without any dispute.
On 10 December 1948, the United Nations General Assembly adopted and proclaimed the Universal Declaration of Human Rights “as a common standard of achievement for all peoples and all nations .
It is clear that RERA intends for completion of the project in case any fraud is committed by the promoter and the activity is not completed, the home-buyers cannot be left in lurch, allowing the prayer on behalf of Bankers as well as by the Authorities would amount to unfair treatment of home buyers in the facts of this case.
Moreover, it was also argued that reasons provided by the IO for an extension in the period of investigation did not appears to be genuine.
The price is also determined based on the prevalent rates of the same and equivalent rate at the neighboring states and the Government levies.
The price is also determined based on the prevalent rates of the same and equivalent rate at the neighboring states and the Government levies.
Such an interpretation, known and recognized as purposive construction has to come into play in a case of this nature.
He further submitted that the Division Bench has wrongly held the agreement dated 19.10.1977 to be a contingent contract.
Instead directing the accused to pay an amount of compensation to the victim or affected party can ensure delivery of total justice.
Instead directing the accused to pay an amount of compensation to the victim or affected party can ensure delivery of total justice.
For the efficient discharge of its functions, UIDAI may also engage consultants, advisors and other persons as may be required ().
The respective applicants then claimed that they had rectified the shortcomings and asked for compliance verification.
The respective applicants then claimed that they had rectified the shortcomings and asked for compliance verification.
On 22 June 2012 Air Headquarters cancelled the provisional NOC dated 2 September 2011 and the provisional discharge issued in compliance with the order of the AFT dated 11 April 2012 noting that an order of reinstatement in the service of the IAF was issued on 18 June 2012, to take effect from 16 July 2012.
Each of the State / UT can enhance the bandwidth up to 34 Mbps between SHQ and DHQ and upto 8 Mbps between DHQ and BHQ depending upon the utilization.
Furthermore, there is no other evidence which indicates or established the presence of the accused appellants near the place of commission of crime.
Similarly, the other violations referred to by the High Court including the storage and use of combustible materials and closing of one of the exits, besides shifting of the gangway contributed to violations that prevented quick dispersal of the patrons from the balcony area thereby culminating in the tragedy.
Now the question of sentence is always a difficult question, requiring as it does, proper adjustment and balancing of various considerations which weigh with a judicial mind in determining its appropriate quantum in a given case.
Whether that ground is discernible if the election petition is read as a whole, is the simple exercise to be undertaken by the High Court, when called upon to do so under Order VII Rule 11(a) of CPC.
In the case of a works contract, deductions are envisaged under sub-rule (2) of Rule 3, which includes amounts such as labour and other charges.
Further, it is the largest producer, consumer and exporter of spices.
Leaders of 41 African nations graced the summit, in which extensive deliberations on deepening India-Africa ties.
In the light of the above discussion, we reject the request of learned counsel for the appellants for reduction of sentence, consequently, the appeals fail and the same are dismissed. ...
We have noticed that High Court has also erred in neglecting this fact.
Moreover, where the plea of juvenility has not been raised at the initial stage of trial and has been taken only on the appellate stage, this Court has consistently maintained the conviction, but has set aside the sentence.
Moreover, where the plea of juvenility has not been raised at the initial stage of trial and has been taken only on the appellate stage, this Court has consistently maintained the conviction, but has set aside the sentence.
Whoever makes any false documents or false electronic record or part of a document or electronic record, with intent to cause damage or injury, to the public or to any person, or to support any claim or title, or to cause any person to part with property, or to enter into any express or implied contract, or with intent to commit fraud or that fraud may be committed, commits forgery.
The full bench of the High Court, while adjudicating upon the above controversy had concluded, that such like temporary employees were not entitled to the minimum of the regular pay-scale, merely for reason, that the activities carried on by daily-wagers and the regular employees were similar.
This is the specific reiteration that has been made by the amendment of the provisions of the Act and the Rules framed thereunder.
Counsel for the petitioners submits that the petitioners have personally met the officials of the DDA in the year 2001 and also submitted certain documents to the DDA.
I understand the IRNSS-1D will provide navigation, tracking and mapping services which will take us closer to setting up our own navigation system.
While fixing income as a measure, the limit is not to be such as to result in taking away with one hand what is given with the other.
Mr. Salve pointed out that in paragraph 54 of the judgment, this Court had occasion to deal with the expression 'management of the affairs of the institution  and it was held that this management must be free from control so that the founder or their nominees could mould the Institution as they thought fit and in accordance with the ideas of how the interests of the community in general and the institution in particular could be served.
In response to the argument urged before it that the Congress cannot have the effect to annul the judgment of the court already rendered or the rights determined thereby was accepted as a general proposition but this proposition was held not applicable in the matters of adjudication upon the public rights.
However, the arrangement of money could not be made.
When a vessel enters a port but does not discharge or take in any cargo or passengers therein, (within the exception of such unshipment and reshipment as may be necessary for purposes of repair), she shall be charged with a port-due at a rate to be determined by the authority and not exceeding half the rate with which she would otherwise be chargeable.
Prior to 2003 he was an infant and it is unlikely he would remember in detail his early life.
Prior to 2003 he was an infant and it is unlikely he would remember in detail his early life.
The decision is much more than elaborate and only two of the seven questions framed for consideration are relevant for the present discussion.
The precautionary principle clearly applied here. Because the Appellate Authority and the High Court did not have the benefit of the opinion of any scientific bodies to test the correctness of the report of the single scientist whose report alone was there available to the appellate authority and the High Court, the decision went in favour of the Industry.
The offence having been created by Maharashtra Act XXIII of 2001, the Act which constitutes the offence must relate to a period after the date of the enforcement of the Act.
As has been put forth by him, a proceeding in terms of Rule 97 or Rule 99 is in the nature of a suit and the adjudication is similar to that of a suit and when in the case at hand, the Court has declined to embark upon any enquiry by calling for reply, recording evidence and appropriately adjudicating the controversy, the order passed cannot be regarded under Rule 103 of Order XXI as a decree.
Somvir (Appellant-Accused No. 2) led the police to his room, and brought out a blood-stained knife, and a blood-stained shirt, from a bucket.
Thus it did not correctly appreciate the nature of charges that are paid by the airlines for landing and parking charges which is not, in substance, for use of land but for various other facilities extended by the AAI to the airlines.
Instrument  includes every document by which any right or liability is, or purports to be, created, transferred, limited, extended, extinguished or recorded.
They faced suffering and pain, knowing that it would inspire millions to their cause.
Learned senior counsel submitted that an adjudication of a lis by a tribunal without a judicial member would be an anathema to judicial process.
As Justice Shah in the Princes Privy Purses case judgment held, “he is a citizen of India with certain privileges accorded to him because he or his predecessor had surrendered his territory, his powers and his sovereignty .
Tamil Nadu shall bear the entire expenditure of the Committee.
It was further submitted that while setting aside the acquittal of the appellant, High Court has not properly construed the provisions of the and erred in relying upon the evidence of handwriting expert to convict the appellant.
This being the case, can in any case have no application as only applies to a or regulation “unless a different intention appears .
In the first instance, we would take note of certain judgments of this Court touching upon this aspect.
Regard being had to the obtaining factual matrix, the Court interfered with the punishment on the ground of proportionality.
Regard being had to the obtaining factual matrix, the Court interfered with the punishment on the ground of proportionality.
A State might be allowed to impose a higher rate of tax on a commodity either when it is not consumed at all within the State or if it is felt that the burden falling on consumers within the State, will be more than that and large benefit is derived by the revenue.
In this judgment for the sake of brevity, we would like to refer to the ranking of the parties as assigned in the plaint presented before the trial court.
Truth has further emerged when PW - 5 Sunita, PW - 6 Victor and PW - 13 Toni, have stated that they found Meenu lying in a burnt condition in the gali.
It is the Constitution that is supreme.
Each case will obviously depend upon its own facts.
Each case will obviously depend upon its own facts.
If the rule- making power is not expressed in such a usual general form then it shall have to be seen if the rules made are protected by the limits prescribed by the parent act.
It appears that due to these resignations, and perhaps for other reasons, the trial did not proceed.
To avoid health related problems, a proper water quality needs to be ensured by installing biofilters.
In the discharge of its functions, the State Commission shall be guided by such directions in matters of policy involving public interest as the State Government may give to it in writing.
Once the Respondents received the Award, the time under Section 34(3) commenced and any subsequent disability even as per Section 17 or Section 9 of Limitation Act is immaterial.
In the deliberative process (or whatever little there was of it) the Chief Minister did not even bother to check whether or not Mr. Dhanda was an appropriate person to be appointed as the Chairperson of the Punjab Public Service Commission in the light of the adverse comment.
Receive RTI applications addressed to PMO from the Public / through Post.
India too has felt the repercussions of global slowdown.
We may immediately state that our answer does not help in fastening the liability because there has been no analysis as regards the terms and conditions of the policy and its fundamental character.
P-1 complaint discloses that it was registered at 8 a.m.
I went to extinguish the fire at my sons and wife.
Making above submissions and relying upon the layout plans sanctioned by the Corporation, it is requested to dismiss the present appeals.
But that would be a matter to be considered by the competent authority.
There is nothing on record to show that lands in adjacent survey numbers of S.No.1009 also were surveyed and as to what is the extent found in such survey, and the extent noted in the settlement register.
An aggrieved party can approach the Court at the appropriate stage, not when the bids are being considered.
An aggrieved party can approach the Court at the appropriate stage, not when the bids are being considered.
In real terms, no worthwhile protection is provided to the victims of the crime, which can enable them to gather courage to depose against the real culprits / assailants.
If an order is passed after recording satisfaction in that regard, the order would be valid.
They at times come into existence from mergers and acquisitions.
The matter was again discussed thereafter, and then a suggestion was made by the departmental officers that 50% of the unearned income may be sought from the seller.
The matter was again discussed thereafter, and then a suggestion was made by the departmental officers that 50% of the unearned income may be sought from the seller.
Even the most technically sound and effective system may fail for the reason of the manpower inputs.
They have been conceived as institutions that combine the features of both the co - operatives and commercial banks.
The Court allowed the petition and held that the State Legislatures were not competent to impose luxury tax on tobacco and tobacco products and the Acts were declared ultra vires and unconstitutional.
By relying on a judgment of this Court in .1 the Division Bench of the High Court held that relaxation of the Rule was impermissible as there was no mention about the relaxation in the advertisement.
Sale of Non performing Assets to ARCs – February 2014 Sale Notice and schedule.
This Court, at the same time, does not hesitate to interfere to secure the ends of justice.
Learned counsel for the appellants would contend that the conviction of the appellant Mahendra is not sustainable since none of the injuries on the person of the deceased is attributable to lathi which was supposedly in the hand of Mahendra.
On the other hand, if the Speaker/Chairman, on a consideration of the materials available and after consulting such persons as he thinks fit, forms the opinion that a prima facie case for investigation into the accusation against the Judge is made out, he constitutes a Committee of judicial functionaries in accordance with section 3(2) of the Act.
This beach is cleaner and quieter than most of the famous beaches of Goa.
IFCI would release all securities on repayment of all dues or on realization of the outstanding amount of loan subject to any legitimate right or lien for any other claim IFCI may be having against the said borrower.
The argument of Mr. C.A. Sundaram was that bursting of crackers was not the only cause of air pollution.
In fact, the Governor restored parliamentary Government by adopting the course that he did.
After noting down the submissions of the learned counsel for the parties, the tribunal adverted to the issue of nexus between the royalty and the price of food flavours.
Media too can play very useful role in shaping the mindset of the people concerned.
The law may simply impose a tax without any restriction reasonable or otherwise or it may simply impose a reasonable restriction in public interest without imposing any tax whatsoever.
The submission which has been urged on behalf of the State and by some of the supporting counsel, is that Section 11 of the U.P. Basic Education Act, 1972 contemplates the constitution of Village Education Committees.
The NGOs or individual accept and undertake the obligation and responsibility of distributing the money or item received, amongst the victims of calamity.
Director General Quality Assurance (DGQA) working under the Ministry of Defence has a detailed procedure to ‘develop/indigenise’ critical items/spares.
The second contention is that the State had no jurisdiction to initiate proceeding under Section 67 of the KLR Act.
As against the above submission, Ms. Makhija the learned counsel for the State would contend that having regard to the manner in which the provision has been couched, it will have to be read conjunctively and not disjunctively.
Also, Central Government should remove this law from its lists of central Acts in force.
Further, arrangements for intensive patrolling be made and thus prevent happening such violent incidents.
Mandwa beach too, is covered with beautiful groves of coconut palms.
The witness stated as well about further disclosure statements made by the appellant Sukhmeet following which Honda City car HR 16 F 7337 was recovered from near the well of Gurinder Singh @ Ginda at village Bir Pind kept parked under the cover of standing maize crop.
In addition, the Court may direct, each police station to maintain a panel of local video operators who could be made available at short notices to videograph the incidents of violence and damage to public property etc.
The second of these two latter cases has also to be explained.
Learned Counsel for the appellant next submitted that the High Court had erred in holding that the Chairman of CAT, sitting singly, could not stay proceeding before the Division Bench.
But the court can certainly look at a statement where there is no dispute of it having been made.
In view of the above, we reach the inescapable conclusion that even after deciding the Recrimination Petition, the appellant and the respondent no.1 have received equal number of votes.
Accordingly, it circulated a Consultation Paper on this issue.
What is therefore recommended is a similar vigorous and objective grade value exercise for the viva-voce examination as well.
I congratulate the Bureau of Indian Standards for taking this initiative to create awareness about food safety and the role of standards in India.
In the meantime, the appellant filed an Original Application before the AFT 6 seeking the following reliefs: 12 Pleadings were completed before the AFT.
Explanation—For the purposes of removal of doubts, it is hereby declared that where the Leader of Opposition in the Legislative Assembly has not been recognised as such, the Leader of the single largest group in opposition of the Government in the Legislative Assembly shall be deemed to be the Leader of Opposition.
Explanation—For the purposes of removal of doubts, it is hereby declared that where the Leader of Opposition in the Legislative Assembly has not been recognised as such, the Leader of the single largest group in opposition of the Government in the Legislative Assembly shall be deemed to be the Leader of Opposition.
The effect of striking out of the defence under Section 15(7) is that the tenant is deprived of the protection given by Section 14 and, therefore, the powers under Section 15(7) of the Act must be exercised with due circumspection.
It is apparent from that after notification is issued it shall be lawful for any officer to enter upon and survey and to do all the acts which are necessary to ascertain whether land is adapted for such purpose.
These agreements are entered into either bilaterally or in a regional grouping.
The appellant claims that an oral understanding was arrived at by which he was to occupy the first and second floors together with the terrace whereas the respondent was to occupy the ground floor exclusively and their mother was to live on the ground floor or, with any of her sons, as she desired.
Some learned counsel went to the extent of asserting, that the recusal of Anil R. Dave, J. was not only unfair, but was also motivated.
If the application is not disposed of by the Debts Recovery Tribunal within the period of four months as specified in sub- section (5), any party to the application may make an application, in such form as may be prescribed, to the Appellate Tribunal for directing the Debts Recovery Tribunal for expeditious disposal of the application pending before the Debts Recovery Tribunal and the Appellate Tribunal may, on such application, make an order for expeditious disposal of the pending application by the Debts Recovery Tribunal.
It is evident from the materials on record that the dispute had arisen between the parties in relation to the contract in question.
It means the quantity of sodium level is less than the normal range.
The three Judge Bench decision in Mohd Saeed Siddiqui erroneously interpreted the judgment in Mangalore Beedi to apply Articles 212 (or ) and 255 to refrain from questioning the conduct of the Speaker (under or 110).
This is more so, as can be culled from the order dated 6.8.2014 of the CLB, the status of the respondent No.1 as Executive Director of the Company has been secured and further alienation of the assets of the company, otherwise has been restrained.
However, an important question which arises is as to whether such 'permanent' employees are same as employees appointed on 'regular' basis or their services stand regularized.
An interactive and coordinated approach is particularly important in these times of global stress.
They are also indirect taxes like excise and cannot in our opinion be equated with direct taxes on goods themselves.
Though the 7th respondent secured lesser marks than the petitioner in the written examination, the 7th respondent emerged as the most meritorious among all the six candidates who came up to the final stage of selection.
This approach is sometimes combined with rating scales.
Although the said section is not in terms applicable to the present acquisition proceedings, we are of the view that the above provision in the Delhi Development Act contains a wholesome principle which should be followed by all Development Authorities throughout the country when they acquire large tracts of land for the purposes of land development in urban areas.
Attested copy of the letter from Medical Council of India approving recognition of the college/institution, if any.
In terms of Section 16(1) of the BDA Act, every development scheme has to provide, within the limits of the area comprised in the scheme, for the acquisition of any land which, in the opinion of the Authority, will be necessary for or affected by the execution of the scheme.
Written submissions were also filed by the University which inter alia placed minutes of the meeting of the Syndicate held on 22.12.1995 on record in which the decision to set-up Self Financing schools in various subjects was taken.
Paragraph 17 of the Notification stated that the exemption under said Notification would be subject to all terms and conditions referred to in Government Resolution dated 20.12.1995 in the Scheme and further conditions stipulated in the Notification.
We have directed the Forensic Auditors to look into this issue.
Under the Constitution the State has exclusive power to make laws with respect to List II of the 7th Schedule and has also concurrent power with respect to entries in Concurrent List namely List III of the Constitution.
At least one Commissioner should also remain present during the hearing of a case. The proposed Court can pass all kinds of orders, final or interlocutory.
The individual becomes a quantified self where data which is distributed across various systems is “curated  to form a comprehensive profile of an individual.
Parties also agreed that such cost be determined by an independent architect of the appellant’s choice.
J. [R. Subhash Reddy] New Delhi.
The writ petitioners had also assailed the action of the DSSSB in refusing to give any details about the minimum qualifying marks which had been fixed unilaterally, by contending that the same is arbitrary and discriminatory.
The President said the structure of a good educational system rests on four pillars—values, teachers, students and infrastructure.
Integrated development of rural areas is one of the abiding tasks before the Government of India.
The High Court has committed error in acquitting the accused whereas there was sufficient ground and material to support the conviction order recorded by the Special Judge.
The Licensing Authority on being satisfied and subject to the provisions of this Order, may grant a licence to the applicant in Form-II on such terms and conditions, and for such period subject to such restrictions as the Licensing Authority may determine.
Modi’s Textbook of Medical Jurisprudence and Toxicology 26th Edition at page 427 in table 13 has referred to characteristics of human hair from various body parts.
Participants of founding Class of Management Programme in Public Policy at Indian School of Business, Mohali called on the President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee today (April 18, 2016) at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Mr. Ranjit Kumar, learned Senior Counsel for the petitioner submits that the delay in filing the special leave petitions has occurred as the Public Prosecutor earlier gave an opinion that it is not a fit case in which special leave petitions deserve to be filed.
Yoga is another aspect of Indian culture that is becoming increasingly popular.
In the case of dissolution of the BCCI, if there shall remain after satisfaction of all debts and liabilities, any property whatsoever, it shall be given or transferred to some other institution or institutions having objects similar to those of the BCCI and not running for profit.
As such it cannot be said that section 26(4) cannot be applied as it does not refer to dissolution of the firm, but what we are concerned with is as t whether this provision creates any legal fiction regarding the continuance of the firm notwithstanding its dissolution for purposes of assessing an income received after the dissolution.
As such it cannot be said that section 26(4) cannot be applied as it does not refer to dissolution of the firm, but what we are concerned with is as t whether this provision creates any legal fiction regarding the continuance of the firm notwithstanding its dissolution for purposes of assessing an income received after the dissolution.
It carves out an exception to the main provision to which it has been enacted by the proviso and to no other.
It carves out an exception to the main provision to which it has been enacted by the proviso and to no other.
Understandably, in today’s modern democracies these Nazi ideas and practices cannot be countenanced.
After examining the witnesses and after hearing the counsel for the parties, the Trial Court found that the charge was proved beyond reasonable doubt.
After examining the witnesses and after hearing the counsel for the parties, the Trial Court found that the charge was proved beyond reasonable doubt.
Where freedom of contract is absent, the disadvantages to consumers or members of the public have to some extent been offset by administrative procedures for consultation, and by legislation.
And Ungoed Thomas J., in Cheney v. Conn, (1968) 1 All ER 779 referred to a Parliamentary statute as 'the highest form of law...which prevails over every other form of law.
That could not possibly be done because of the directions of this Court dated February 16, 1984, as indicated above.
A show cause notice has to be given and thereafter if an oral hearing is granted, then the Commission is empowered to impose the penalty considering the facts and circumstances of the case.
It is not defined in the Act, as such the Commission has specified in its wisdom formula for its calculation in Regulation 45B.
We may note that significantly, this court did not make any reference at all to the principle of comity of courts nor give any importance (apart from its mention) to the passage quoted from Surinder Kaur Sandhu to the effect that: 'The modern theory of Conflict of Laws recognizes and, in any event, prefers the jurisdiction of the State which has the most intimate contact with the issues arising in the case.
Therefore, they neither had the knowledge of the area nor did they visit the area as is evident from their statement of evidence on record.
Therefore, they neither had the knowledge of the area nor did they visit the area as is evident from their statement of evidence on record.
The High Court held that the plea of adverse possession was not raised in the suit and reversed the decision of the two courts below.
The Central Government set aside the order constituting the Committee and the State of Odisha has challenged the orders of the Central Government before the Orissa High Court through writ petitions.
In other words, save and except in regard to areas which are reserved for the exercise of his discretion, the Lieutenant Governor must act on the aid and advice tendered to him by the Council of Ministers.
It would ultimately be for the trial court to arrive at the findings as to whether such a charge stands proved or not, on the basis of evidence that would be produced by the prosecution in support of this charge.
It would ultimately be for the trial court to arrive at the findings as to whether such a charge stands proved or not, on the basis of evidence that would be produced by the prosecution in support of this charge.
After going through the procedure prescribed in the Act, the Certifying Officer has to certify the draft standing orders.
After going through the procedure prescribed in the Act, the Certifying Officer has to certify the draft standing orders.
Under the Travancore-Cochin High Court Act, 1125, enables the Chief Justice to refer for the opinion of another Judge, the matter or matters on which the Division Bench has disagreed either on law or on facts and the appeal will be ultimately decided on the view taken by that Judge sitting and hearing the appeal alone.
For first and second offences, gradation has been made which is quite reasonable.
Accordingly, a raid was arranged and when the police entered said building, they found Pavan Vasudeo Sharma (Accused No.1), Pankaj Ramgopal Jagaria (Accused No.2), Vasudeo Sharma and Rajendra Gaud to be present there.
The agreement of Evans LJ with Sir John Megaw's “ analysis of the authorities with regard to arbitration clauses and specifically with regard to the incorporation of charterparty arbitration clauses into bills of lading   was obiter.
As is stated in Anson's Law of Contract, 'a basic principle of the Common Law of Contract is that the parties are free to determine for themselves what primary obligations they will accept...
He has of course stated that the patient was not on the deathbed.
Shrimati Indira Gandhi firmly believed that smaller nations had a key role in determining the future of the world.
What is stated by the House of Lords is a well-settled principle of Administrative Law.
The principle which we will lay down is not constrained by the two Constitution Bench decisions which propounded the enduring rights theory, once we have held that the theory has been incorrectly lifted from the context of a temporary law and applied to the ordinance making power.
It is alleged that neither the appellant filled the pay- in-slips nor was any deposit made in the scroll, daily case receipt book and the cash payment book maintained by the cashier and he used to pocket that money.
The appellants had suffered injuries.
The relevant section provided that no suit shall be brought or maintained for recovering any such sum of money alleged to have been won upon a wager.
The relevant section provided that no suit shall be brought or maintained for recovering any such sum of money alleged to have been won upon a wager.
M/s Hande Wavare and Co.
It is entirely left to the discretion of AICTE to come out with such modalities as it may think appropriate and the tests in that behalf shall be conducted in the National Institutes of Technology in the respective States wherever the students are located.
It is entirely left to the discretion of AICTE to come out with such modalities as it may think appropriate and the tests in that behalf shall be conducted in the National Institutes of Technology in the respective States wherever the students are located.
It is entirely left to the discretion of AICTE to come out with such modalities as it may think appropriate and the tests in that behalf shall be conducted in the National Institutes of Technology in the respective States wherever the students are located.
In the instant case, we are informed that the appellant who is proved to be a juvenile has undergone detention for a period of about approximately 14 years.
Although, there is no eye-witness to this incident, the confessional statement of the accused appellants fully corroborates circumstantial evidence as the post-mortem report revealed that the deceased had died of strangulation which matched with the confessional statement of the appellant accused.
With costs being imposed infrequently and bearing no relation to actual expenses in a case, litigants have little fear of being punished and frequently indulge in delaying tactics.
State Parties shall prohibit all discrimination on the basis of disability and guarantee to persons with disabilities equal and effective legal protection against discrimination on all grounds.
Considering the enormous amount of money that had been pumped in and invested by the influential Builder mafia and other vested interests, collusion and complicity of the staff and officers of RCS and others to hijack the societies, Director CBI was directed to constitute a special investigation team headed by an officer not below the rank of DIG with adequate staff to investigate the whole matter.
Milk and egg contain good quality protein.
Otherwise, it would amount to negating the legal fiction that is created by the said provision, even to the limited extent.
That being so, the appeal deserves to be allowed, which we direct.
Section 18 of TADA confers jurisdiction on the Designated Court to transfer such cases for the trial of such offences in which it has no jurisdiction to try and in such cases, the court to which the case is transferred, may proceed with the trial of the offence as if it had taken cognizance of the offence.
It is clear that on a holistic reading of the said letter what has been imported is 'the basic character' of the hot mix plant and not a complete plant as it is clear that what is manufactured indigenously would alone ultimately complete the plant.
Therefore, the question arises whether they can be held to have conscious possession of the contraband substances.
Indian Bank Debit | | |Puram, Delhi.
I call upon each and every citizen of India to do their utmost to ensure the welfare of the elderly in our country and to create opportunities for them to enrich our society and contribute to the growth and progress of our nation.
The placenta can continue to grow and support itself without a baby for a short time, and pregnancy hormones can continue to rise, which would lead a woman to believe she is still pregnant.
He had kept one Puttamma as his mistress, which caused mental agony to Gowramma.
If the custody of the child is denied to her, she may not be able to pursue her career in Australia and that may not be conducive either to the development of her career or to the future prospects of the child.
True it is, it is a settlement between the defendant No. 1 and defendant No.2, but it is a settlement between an employer and an erstwhile employee and, therefore, the landlord had no role.
The above position of law is sufficient to reject the other contention of the petitioners that an illegality was committed by the CMM in the present case by committing the case to the court of sessions without recording evidence.
Comprehensively considered most suitable.
Breaking the mono cropping pattern, other crops like red gram, lady’s finger and cowpea seeds were included with cotton.
If we make a detailed reference to the said provision, the use of violence etc. should have been carried out with the object of either gaining pecuniary benefits or for gaining undue economic or other advantage for oneself or for any other person or for promoting insurgency.
If we make a detailed reference to the said provision, the use of violence etc. should have been carried out with the object of either gaining pecuniary benefits or for gaining undue economic or other advantage for oneself or for any other person or for promoting insurgency.
This was the atmosphere which used to prevail in Nalanda and Takshashila in their days of glory.
The order dated 14.08.2006 extending protection to the appellant-Company shall stand vacated.
Further, how to prevent corporate analysts from benefitting from the conflict of interests, how to check audit companies from providing non audit services and how to lay down protocol for auditors.
The action was taken by the Regional Transport Authority as per law issuing show-cause notices etc.
Thought disorders - are unusual or dysfunctional ways of thinking.
Briefly, when two angels took refuge in the home of Lot, the men of the town of Sodom surrounded the house and demanded that the angels be sent out so that the men may “know  them (in this interpretation, with sexual connotations).
Thus, the vocational masters and lecturers were placed in the same scale.
This Bill will not be in derogation of any provision of any existing Act dealing with compulsory 36 Seventh schedule, Constitution of India. 34 registration of marriages, provided the existing law provides for stringent consequences for non-registration of marriages or provides a better mechanism for such a registration.
D. EXISTING LEGAL FRAMEWORK Legally, the prevention of the entry of criminals into politics is accomplished by prescribing certain disqualifications that will prevent a person from contesting elections or occupying a seat in Parliament or an Assembly.
The High Court also erred in holding that the claimant was travelling in the vehicle in the course of his employment since he was a spare driver in the vehicle although he was not driving the vehicle at the relevant time but he was directed to go to the worksite by his employer.
Mohan Lal – PW-15, from before.
The approach of the Investigating Officer in recording the statements of witnesses, collecting the evidence and preparation of site map has remained unmindful.
Jurisdiction is thus the authority or power of the court to deal with a matter and make an order carrying binding force in the facts.
In any case, in view of the fact that the field is occupied by a parliamentary law i.e. , 1956, a State law even if already existing would have no efficacy in the field.
She referred copiously to the Registrar’s order dated 14.11.2005 as well as to the judgment of the Single Judge dated 9.5.2008, and said that since the show cause notice itself was without jurisdiction, these orders were correct and ought to be reinstated.
Parties to the suits seem to have lost all interest in prosecuting the same, perhaps, because the exhaustive orders at the interim stage had virtually foreclosed the issues in the suits.
The expression of a finding by this Court would affect the administration of criminal justice or perhaps in a given case, even the rights of the accused.
As stated earlier, most of the firms have submitted copies of agreements/contracts, partnership deeds, assessment orders or income-tax returns but around 27% of firms have not furnished the information and have masked/blackened/not provided the important information.
All these provisions existing in the Code ensure a fair trial to the accused.
So far as the question of inconsistency between medical evidence and ocular evidence is concerned, the law is well settled that, unless the oral evidence available is totally irreconcilable with the medical evidence, the oral evidence would have primacy.
The appellant did provide and sign a verification declaring the correctness of the statements made therein.
The appellant did provide and sign a verification declaring the correctness of the statements made therein.
This taxonomy is adopted in Chelameswar, J.’s definition of ‘privacy’ and includes the three interests of privacy of repose, privacy of sanctuary and privacy of intimate decision.
The above submission is not correct since in para 85 of the judgment, the High Court has noticed the figures which were placed by the State in its affidavit regarding amount of collection of Transit Fee and the expenses incurred by the State on the establishment and other miscellaneous expenses.
They must make any submissions they wish to make in relation to the objection in writing within three days of receiving it.
Even though Kartar Singh v. State of Punjab 1994 (3) SCC 569 related to trial of terrorists (TADA), there are general observations of the Supreme Court in regard to ‘fear of harassment’ of witnesses which needs to be prevented.
The 99th reduces the Chief Justice of India, despite being the head of the judiciary, to one of six in the NJAC making a recommendation to the President thereby denuding him/her of conventional, historical and legitimate constitutional significance and authority and substantially skewing the appointment process postulated by the Constituent Assembly and the Constitution.
For the domiciliary visit, the IMO 's are paid conveyance allowance.
The normal rule is that in any litigation the rights and obligations of the parties are adjudicated upon as they obtain at the commencement of the lis.
While granting permission, the court must ascertain that there is prima facie material of the accused having done some overt and covert act.
The writ petitioners have also brought on record the particulars of the sale orders, the date and quantity of supply, the price paid and the amount liable to be refunded.
He was not a literate person.
Receiving and Distribution points are not separate.
The HCL Foundation has committed one hundred crore rupees over the next five years towards this grant.
Justice is a particularly foundational concept within most systems of “Law .
In other words, indemnity costs are quite often awarded for unreasonable conduct or abuse of process by resorting to vexatious or unmeritorious proceedings.
Unlawful activities which violate the law have to be dealt with in accordance with it.
Unlawful activities which violate the law have to be dealt with in accordance with it.
The possibility of prejudice to the employees accused in the criminal case on account of the parallel disciplinary enquiry going ahead is another dimension which will have to be addressed while permitting or staying such disciplinary enquiry proceedings.
The possibility of prejudice to the employees accused in the criminal case on account of the parallel disciplinary enquiry going ahead is another dimension which will have to be addressed while permitting or staying such disciplinary enquiry proceedings.
A deputationist under such circumstances is expected to be experienced in banking and finance.
The inspection report disclosed the violations of the RBI Act, 1934, committed by the company which we have noticed in the earlier part of the judgment.
This scheme promotes voluntary action for persons with disabilities with the objectives to create an enabling environment to ensure equal opportunities, equity, social justice and empowerment of persons with disabilities.
The motive force which people their desertion of their hearths and homes in the villages that struggle for survival, that is, the struggle for life.
What is adverse possession, on whom the burden of proof lie, the approach of the court towards such plea etc. have been the subject matter of decision in a large number of cases.
The said definition would certainly, for reasons stated above, have a close connection with Explanation A & B to , which defines cruelty.
We have heard in brief Mr. Rakesh Dwivedi, learned senior counsel who was appointed as amicus curiae to assist the Court, as also the learned Solicitor General, appearing for the Union of India, and Mr. Gopal Subramaniam, learned Additional Solicitor General appearing on behalf of the Attorney General for India.
We, therefore, direct the States to immediately take steps for constituting a three member Tribunal and notification to that effect must be issued within four months from today.
We, therefore, direct the States to immediately take steps for constituting a three member Tribunal and notification to that effect must be issued within four months from today.
They should also be informed that wherever possible, all endea- vour should be made at reconciliation between the parties and eradicate the causes of disputes and thus pave the way for better relationships.
Samuel Berman v. Andrew Parker, 99 L.Ed 27, has also been referred to wherein it has been observed that public ownership cannot be said to be the sole method of promoting the public purposes of community redevelopment projects.
The action of the State was thus clearly violative of the appellants' Constitutional right guaranteed under and hence such action can not be sustained in law.
The first steps that the Adjudicator takes is put in place an order for a moratorium on debt recovery actions and any existing or new law suits being filed in other courts, a public announcement to collect claims of liabilities, the appointment of an interim RP and the creation of a creditor committee.
Under , any transaction which has the effect of transferring or enabling the enjoyment of any immovable property would come within its purview.
Medically ill patients with depression have worse outcome than those without.
We agreed during the visit to work to double current bilateral trade by 2020, taking it to around US $ 2 billion.
At this time, only an underwear was present on the dead body.
The truth of the explanation is not in issue.
In this appeal, the appellant has challenged the legality and correctness of the aforesaid order of the Division Bench of the High Court.
Tourism is well recognised as a major growth engine of the State.
This relies heavily on good communication in the team and the harmony in member relationships.
The Commission stated the additional reason in paragraph 4.17 of the said Report as under: “The Supreme Court sits at Delhi alone.
The Middle Office would be merged into the Debt Management Office (DMO), when it is established.
Staff members are encouraged to participate in these programmes.
A policy of life insurance may be called in question at any time within five years from the date of issuance of the policy or the date of commencement of risk or the date of revival of the policy or the date of the rider to the policy whichever is later on the ground that any statement of or suppression of a fact material to the expectancy of the life of the insured was incorrectly made in the proposal or other document on the basis of which the policy was issued or revived or rider issued Provided that the insurer will have to communicate in writing to the insured or the legal representatives/nominees/assignees of the insured the grounds and materials on which such decision to repudiate the policy of life insurance is based.
The Union of India was directed to file an affidavit of the Additional Secretary of Health and/or any other concerned Additional Secretary clearly stating what steps had been taken and on the basis of the steps taken, what results have been achieved.
This is perhaps why this Court referred to the said amendment application and said that if it were to be granted it would relate back to the date of the suit itself.
This is perhaps why this Court referred to the said amendment application and said that if it were to be granted it would relate back to the date of the suit itself.
PW-49, Dr. Rashmi Ahuja, has deposed that on the night of 16.12.2012 about 11:15 p.m., the prosecutrix was brought to the casualty by a PCR constable and that she gave a brief history of the incident.
The respondents in the two appeals and the petitioner in the writ petition, however contend that the decision of the Tribunal dated 18th July, 2011 in the case of Col. Sanjeev Sehgal (supra) having attained finality with the dismissal of the civil appeal preferred by the department before this Court on 25th September, 2013, it is not open to the department to contend to the contrary.
Observe the child for breathing.
Likewise, in statues namely Juvenile Justice (Acre and , 2015, Whistle Blowers Protection Act, 2011, Protection of Children from Sexual Castes and , 1989 also provides for safeguarding witnesses again the threats.
The said recommendations cover deletions in s.2(12), s.2(13), s.2(16), s.2(17), s.2B(1), s.2C, s.3(5), s.3(4)(a), s.3(4)(ee), s.3(5), 8.4, s.5(2) & (3) first and second proviso, s.6A(1) proviso, s.7(7), s.7(9B), s.10(1), s.10(2), s.10(2A), s.11(1A), s.12, s.13(1), s.13(3), s.13(4), s.13(6), s.14, s.15, s.15(2), s.15(3), s.16, s.22, s.27(2)(a), (b) and (6), s.27A, s.27B, s.28(4), s.29, s.31B, s.32, s.33(7), s.35(1), s.35(3), s.40, s.40A, s.44(1)-Explanation, s.48, s.49, S.48A, s.52, s.52H to 52N, s.53, s.59, s.62 to 64, s.64UB (3) and (4), s.64UD, s.64UF to UI, s.64UJ (2) to (6), s.64UM, s.64VA, s.65 to 94, s.95 to 101 and s.114 (f).
The respondent absented himself without leave from 4.9.2002 to 26.9.2002 (23 days) yet again.
The sub-clause (ii) of clause (2) provides that the Chairperson of the Forum shall be a serving officer of the distribution licensee or a retired person possessing degree in electrical engineering and having at least 20 years of experience in the distribution of electricity and having served not below the rank of Superintending Engineer.
Nobody listens to me but alright.
We are in general agreement with learned counsel for the petitioner and the fact that even after prodding by the Central Government and our prodding, many of the State Governments have not yet established a working State Food Commission, this is a clear indication that there is hardly any commitment to the implementation of the NFS Act.
The reference to the Rules in can only be in the context of the Seniority Rules 1957 as amended.
Recent happenings show an unfortunate trend where such demonstrations and protests are on increase.
Order of this Court dismissing the special leave petition preferred by DDA, in our view, is not an impediment to the appellants to pursue their appeals and we proceed to consider merits of the rival contentions.
In January 2012, out of 179 Law Officers on the roll on an average, 140 Law Officers had not been allotted any work and 87 Law Officers were without work for whole of the month.
On the representation made by the contractor on this clause there was negotiation and agreement was arrived at between the contractor and the Department to the effect that the contractor will receive the quantity of grains to be supplied either as wheat or as rice or both, further stipulating the rate at which it is to be supplied fixing the rate at Rs.115/- per quintal for coursed rice and at Rs.130/- per quintal for fine rice and also stipulating the rates at which the contractor is to pay to the labourers, retaining the other conditions and clauses covered by the contract relating to the supply of food grains.
On the representation made by the contractor on this clause there was negotiation and agreement was arrived at between the contractor and the Department to the effect that the contractor will receive the quantity of grains to be supplied either as wheat or as rice or both, further stipulating the rate at which it is to be supplied fixing the rate at Rs.115/- per quintal for coursed rice and at Rs.130/- per quintal for fine rice and also stipulating the rates at which the contractor is to pay to the labourers, retaining the other conditions and clauses covered by the contract relating to the supply of food grains.
Further, the car used to take away the deceased was subsequently put on fire to mislead the investigating agency.
Thus the Court has to exercise its sound judicial discretion in granting or refusing the relief of ad interim injunction pending the suit.
The decision of the Central Government whether a question is one of policy or not shall be final.
The suit of the plaintiff was dismissed by it by holding that the said property is the self acquired property of the deceased-first defendant.
The suit of the plaintiff was dismissed by it by holding that the said property is the self acquired property of the deceased-first defendant.
This is done by selling goods at a very low price for some time so that the domestic industries cannot compete and are thereby destroyed, and after such destruction has taken place, prices are again raised.
This definition also does not prohibit the engagement of private agencies for the process of authentication.
Notice was served through publication but since none appeared for the respondents, an ex parte arbitration award was made on 22.10.2011 for a sum of Rs.12.69,420 with interest at 18 per cent per annum from 4.4.2011 till realization and costs.
Secretarial work connected with the meetings of the Board of Directors, Executive Committee and Sanctioning Committee for Loans under RIDF which includes circulation of agenda items and recording of proceedings and minutes of the meetings.
It was also held that the said notice dated 5.1.1991 did not contemplate forfeiture of the shares in the event of failure to pay the call money as required under Clause 14 of the Articles of Association of the Company.
He also handed over the keys of eight buses to Secretary, Ramakrishna Mission, Narayanpur. Besides, keys of five bicycles were also handed over by the President to the students.
The same is still under consideration with CGDA.
If this method is used exclusively, it nessititates avoidance of genital to genital contact in the entire period before the temperature rise that is, a period of about 1 - 16 days.
Tech Mahindra Ltd. & Another Etc.
They found A2-Keshav standing near the tandoor.
The applicants also relied on the Report of the Committee under the Chairmanship of Hon'ble Mr. Justice N.K. Patil suggesting immediate remedial action in order to remove encroachments on the lake area and the Rajakaluves and preservation of the lakes in and around Bangalore city.
The current President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has thus far rejected 31 of the 33 mercy petitions decided by him.
Clause 11C is of some importance and it requires that the lessee shall take measures for the protection of the environment like planting of trees, reclamation of land, use of pollution control devices and such other measures as may be prescribed by the Central Government or the State Government from time to time at the expense of the lessee.
The case of an injured and disabled person is, however, more pitiable and the feeling of hurt, helplessness, despair and often destitution enures every day.
Limit the skin 's exposure to water.
Such is not the case of the Board in the present instance.
Although both the parties were residing together in the same house, with joint legal custody of their children who were residing with them and there was no criminal/abuse history ever in the past.
This is better explained by way of an example: Zinc is an important mineral resource used in galvanization of iron and steel.
It encompasses multi - stakeholder and multi - level implementation environments, and therefore, for the plan to achieve its vision, it is important that all stakeholders have visibility into the benefits on e - Governance in general, and of NeGP as an umbrella programme in particular.
The purpose of enactment of such a provision was to “check fissiparous communal and separatist tendencies and secure fraternity so as to ensure the dignity of the individual and the unity of the nation .
TADA, and on the said count, has been convicted and sentenced to suffer RI for 9 years and a fine of Rs.50,000/- and in default, to suffer further RI for one year.
The appellant herein was the highest bidder of Rs.7,15,000/-.
Also, merely because in the charge-sheet it is stated that the accused had undertaken the operation to gain political mileage cannot undermine the importance of proof of the aforesaid facts to draw permissible conclusions on basis thereof as regards the criminal intent of the accused in the present case.
The answering Respondent did not make any presentation or representations to the Applicant.
The students admitted by unrecognised institution and institutions which are not affiliated to any examining body are not entitled to appear in the examination conducted by the examining body or any other authorised agency.
These provisions make it clear that in the commercial world a party who is cheated and induced to deliver property on the basis of a cheque which is dishonoured has the remedy of instituting prosecution not only at the place where the cheque was dishonoured which at times may be a place other than the place where the inducement or cheating takes place but also at the place where the offence of cheating was committed.
While noticing the fact that “junior basic schools  and “junior high schools  were treated differently, the High Court and, thereafter, this Court appear to have been swayed by the fact that certain schools provided education from Classes I to X as one single unit, although, the same were divided into different sections, such as, the primary section, the junior high school section, which were combined together to form the junior basic section from Classes I to VIII, and the high school section comprising Classes IX and X.
Similarly, PW4 has stated in her evidence that five months after the marriage, the appellant sent her away to their house and when she questioned her, she told that the appellant was demanding Rs.50,000/- and that the demand for money is to purchase a computer to start his own business.
Similarly, PW4 has stated in her evidence that five months after the marriage, the appellant sent her away to their house and when she questioned her, she told that the appellant was demanding Rs.50,000/- and that the demand for money is to purchase a computer to start his own business.
Treat your kid like a darling for the first five years.
Neither Indigold nor Alumina is making any grievance towards this figure or the payment thereof.
Interstate Circuit.
But we are short of good quality academic institutions, on account of which, many bright students prefer going abroad for higher studies.
The Collectors were instructed to first make use of the Government lands before acquisition of private sites for allotment as house sites.
As order of stay, of course, does not render the conviction non-existent, but only non-operative.
AERB on 10.11.1989 granted clearance for locating nuclear power plant at Kudankulam after evaluation of the site by the Site Selection Committee of DAE with stipulations given in the Annexure alongwith that letter.
In case the scheme does not create any legal right, a candidate cannot claim that his case is to be considered as per the scheme existing on the date the cause of action had arisen i.e. death of the incumbent on the post.
In case the scheme does not create any legal right, a candidate cannot claim that his case is to be considered as per the scheme existing on the date the cause of action had arisen i.e. death of the incumbent on the post.
The High Court in its impugned judgment proceeded to consider the issue on a technical plea, namely, no prejudice has been caused to the appellant by such non-examination.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee completes on Thursday (July 25, 2013) his first year in office.
The aforesaid stance is in consonance with the pleadings filed on behalf of Arun K.C. and Sunil K.C.
Economic theory would suggest that the poorer regions grow faster to catch up with the richer States to cause an eventual convergence, as is happening globally.
SRI Paddy Cultivation requires less water, inovolvesless expenditure and gives more yields.
The plaintiffs preferred an appeal against the same to the Assistant Commissioner Mandya.
Being of this view he found that the prosecution had failed to establish its case beyond reasonable doubt against the main accused Joginder Singh and resultantly against the other accused persons also and, accordingly, acquitted all of them.
Being of this view he found that the prosecution had failed to establish its case beyond reasonable doubt against the main accused Joginder Singh and resultantly against the other accused persons also and, accordingly, acquitted all of them.
Dilating the aforesaid submissions, he argued that explanation to which clarifies 'deemed tonnage' to include slot charter had to be read along with Circular No. 05/2005 which was a contemporaneous expositio circular issued after inserting the said Chapter and clarifies that “the tonnage income shall be further increased by the deemed tonnage  which is to be computed in the manner prescribed in Rule 11Q. Deemed tonnage means the tonnage in respect of an arrangement of purchase of slots, slot charter, and an arrangement of sharing of break-bulk vessels.
That after Jalabhishek by the lingam which is concluded by 5 P.M. every day.
On the one hand, Mr. T.Singhdev, learned counsel for respondent no.2, submits that its recommendations in respect of the petitioners’ application have already been sent to respondent no.1 on 13th April 2018 itself.
Part I. Annual Statement on Monetary Policy for the Year; and Part II Annual Statement on Developmental and Regulatory Policies for the Year.
Therefore, the possibility of quarrel taking place upon the deceased reaching the door-step of the appellant is not ruled out.
P-11/report of test identification of ornaments.
He made the final payment on 13.11.2006 and the Bank issued the sale certificate in his favour.
Further he has stated that in the 3rd storey there were three rooms and verandah but later on he has stated that three rooms and verandah were situated in the 2nd storey and in the 3rd storey there were two rooms and one verandah, in which the incident took place.
Also, Mr. A may well be prosecuted for an offence which falls within Part A of the Schedule, but which does not involve money laundering.
A beneficial owner may include a person who stands behind the registered owner when he acts like a trustee, legal representative or an agent.
A beneficial owner may include a person who stands behind the registered owner when he acts like a trustee, legal representative or an agent.
He had full knowledge of all the facets of the conspiracy and played an active part in the landing and transportation of RDX and other contrabands and making of suitcase and vehicle bombs.
We have considered the above submissions in the light of evidence on the record, and the law laid down by this Court applicable to such cases.
Committee’s various proceedings which were part of the report were noticed in detail by the NGT.
A criminal trial or inquiry shall be deemed to be a proceeding between the prosecutor and the accused within the meaning of this section.
In the writ petition, the petitioner sought her immediate release from Tihar Jail, Delhi.
Season tickets must bear the signature or thumb impression of the holder, in the absence of which the ticket would be treated as invalid.
In our view, the penalty is attracted as soon as a contravention of the statutory obligations as contemplated by the Act is established and, therefore, the intention of the parties committing such violation becomes immaterial.
The complainant and other relatives, in all around 50 persons assembled for the 'Jaagran' that continued till late night.
Even if the High Court entertains such a plea, ordinarily it should not stay the proceedings, except in a case of grave and [pic]exceptional nature.
The President said that it is essential that people of the region should have access to modern health care system.
At present, International airport in Mumbai is the largest and busiest airport in the country, offering daily flights to all the major cities of the world.
In fact, makes it clear that if an offence is committed by any member of an unlawful assembly in prosecution of the common object of that assembly, or such as the members of that assembly knew to be likely to be committed in prosecution of that object, every person who, at the time of the committing of that offence, is a member of the same assembly, is guilty of that offence; and that emphatically brings out the principle that the punishment prescribed by is in a sense vicarious and does not always proceed on the basis that the offence has been actually committed by every member of the unlawful assembly.
Learned senior counsel for the respondents has also drawn attention to the Judicial Service Rules of various High Courts namely, Delhi, Maharashtra, Odisha, West Bengal and Himachal Pradesh which have prescribed minimum cut-off marks for the interview.
Having stated thus, we have to analyze the approach adopted by the Tribunal on the basis of the same.
Secular character of the Constitution.
Herein also, the plaintiffs and the defendants are the same.
My best wishes to you for all your future endeavours.
Inaugurating the national e - courts project organised by the Supreme Court, Mr. Kalam said, “The Grid will ensure seamless flow of information and case objects across the inter - departmental barrier in a G2G mode across the vertical grid.
It is well known that a custom commands legitimacy not by an authority of law formed by the State rather from the public acceptance and acknowledgment.
The High Court fell in error in affirming the award passed by the Labour Court directing regularisation.
Though, the laws relating to joint & mutual Wills originated in Roman Dutch Law, which by passage of time have been approved and applied both by English and American Courts.
The appellant also filed application praying suspension of sentence.
There is a practice of bringing one’s own lawyer who handled the matter in the High Court to the Supreme Court.
The service conditions prevailing in the HCI vis-a-vis its employees are comparable to the relation between the workers and Air India and Chefair in terms of monetary benefits and the same are largely similar.
The authorities are required to depute one Assistant Health Physicist to the assembly areas for general contamination and radiation checks.
He states that he is innocent and acting as per the procedure adopted by the bank.
A contention was raised before the High Court that the person sought to contest the election could not be declared to be disqualified as the said Act 2 AIR 1955 SC 166 had come into operation on 15th April, 1951 and consequently, he could not have been disqualified from 15th March, 1951 when he filed the nomination papers.
In the present case, we are of the view that there has been an unconstitutional attempt to invade the fundamental rights of the producers, the actors and the audience.
EXIM Bank was established as a wholly Government - owned financial institution, under theExport - Import Bank of India Act, 1981, by relocating International Finance Division ofIndustrial Development Bank of India (IDBI), which had first initiated a program of rupee term loans to Indian companies towards their equity contribution in overseas ventures.
During the delivery period of the contract, a seller has an open position of 68 tonnes.
It is this Order which is the bone of contention and was the subject matter of challenge before the Tribunal.
It is this Order which is the bone of contention and was the subject matter of challenge before the Tribunal.
It is submitted by Mr. Anand, learned counsel for the appellant that the judgment rendered by the learned trial Judge is absolutely flawless since he has analysed the evidence in great detail and appreciated them in correct perspective.
The matter was carried before this Court.
The matter was carried before this Court.
According to an important survey, India is the third most preferred destination for Foreign Direct Investment (FDI), after China and the US.
He was brought to the DCB, CID office and during interrogation he expressed his willingness to make a voluntary statement.
If the possession of the real owner ripens into title under the Act and he is dispossessed, he can sue to obtain possession.
This defendant states that Patta over the suit property has been ordered to be registered in his name and the claim of this plaintiff was rejected by the Settlement Enquiry Tahsildar, by his order dated 14.11.1959, after due enquiry and notice to parties.
It has further come in the cross examination of informant that it did not happen that while he was taking dinner he heard shouts of quarrel.
Sugarcane is a three season crop maturing in 12 months, although in certain areas it is grown upto 15 to 16 months for better yield.
But, the power to strike out the defence against eviction is discretionary and must not be mechanically exercised without any application of mind to the facts of the case.
The aim of all education should be building of character and not merely injecting of information.
There appears to be no reason for limiting the reach of the expression “prosecuting with due diligence  to institution of a proceeding alone and not to the date on which the cause of action for such proceeding might arise in the case of appellate or revisional proceedings from original proceedings which prove to be abortive.
But that does not alter the presumption of innocence.
However, the accused has a right to remain silent as he cannot be forced to become witness against himself.
However, the accused has a right to remain silent as he cannot be forced to become witness against himself.
A careful perusal of Clause 13.2 would show that upon eruption of disputes between the parties, they were in the first instance required to settle their disputes by resorting to mutual negotiations.
The power failure could have had devastating effect.
Further, privacy is a vague and inchoate expression.
In fact, lessees were registered as the owners of the vehicles, in the certificate of registration issued under the , 1988 (hereinafter referred to as “the  ).
Inindividual messages sent to Prof. Anurag Kumar, Director, IISc, Bangalore and Prof. Kshitij Gupta, Officiating Director, IIT, Delhi, the President has said 'I am delighted that IISc, Bangalore and IIT, Delhi has been ranked at No. 147 and 179 respectively in the QS World University Rankings of 2015-16. Please accept my heartiest congratulations on this remarkable achievement.
The aforesaid Scheme, if approved, is to be implemented through the Special Purpose Vehicle i.e. Karnataka Mining Environment Restoration Corporation (“KMERC  for short) which has since been constituted.
The driver of this bus was one Ram Singh, son of Mange Lal.
The learned single Judge by his judgment and order dated 28.4.2005 listed as many as seven issues and adverted to the fact that three witnesses were called on behalf of the plaintiffs, who not only deposed and were cross-examined, but also produced various documents.
While natural rights protect the right of the individual to choose and preserve liberty, yet the autonomy of the individual is not absolute or total.
Not only the elected office bearer but his constituency/electoral college is also deprived of representation by the person of his choice.
He lodged an FIR in respect of explosions at Mahim Fishermen’s colony.
Immediately on the publication of the Caravan report on 11 February 2018 containing a reference to the opinion purportedly given by Dr Sharma, two letters dated 14 February 2018 were addressed to AIIMS PART C with reference to the opinion.
Annexure IX to the EIA report provides land use/land cover maps for both Goa and Maharashtra in the study area.
A judgment-debtor released from detention under this section shall not merely by reason of his release be discharged from his debt, but he shall not be liable to be re-arrested under the decree in execution of which he was detained in the civil prison.
Keeping these provisions and the objects and reasons of the Act in mind, let us now deal with the submissions advanced by the learned counsel appearing on behalf of the 7 (2008) 14 SCC 517 appellant.
If in any case, the balance is less than Rs.10/- then Rs.10/- shall be added to the emoluments.
He still maintains relationship with his old associates.
However, the area of 14.15 acres equivalent to 22 bighas and 17 biswas although shall be notionally treated as part of the lease deed, the said area shall be treated as a construction free zone which will be allowed to be used as a walkway/ the public promenade free of any charge at the instance of the lessor and the lessee.
Prince Charles, the Prince of Wales called on President of India Shri Pranab Mukherjee today (November 8, 2013) at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
It has achieved 29 successful flights of the PSLV launching not only Indian satellites but also 45 satellites of 19 other countries.
Bharatpur-Agra Fort Station Yard.
But for the Khatedar no other person shall be allotted the land, even if nominated by him.
The Trial Court has held that the plaintiffs were all along ready and willing to perform their part, but, the defendants denied, thus, the suit had to be decreed.
The State of Karnataka in consultation with the Chief Justice of the High Court of Karnataka shall appoint a senior lawyer having experience in criminal trials as Public Prosecutor to conduct these cases.
Provided further that nothing in this clause shall apply to a resolution applicant where such applicant is a financial entity and is not a related party to the corporate debtor.
Further, relief to injured persons as per Government Order No.723-GAD of 1990 dated 10.07.1990, as amended, was stated to be under consideration in addition to compensation for damage to immovable property subject to assessment by the revenue authorities.
Shri Katyal was a much loved and admired personality in the world of media.
United Kingdom & the Sunday Times Case : 151 The competing rights of freedom of expression and _ fair administration of justice came up for consideration in Attorney General v. Times Newspapers : 1973(3)AIIl ER 54 (HL).
Unless the Chairman otherwise directs, where a Member has given more than one notice of questions distinguished by an asterisk for same day, his question for the list of questions for oral answer shall be selected in the order indicated by the member and if no such order is indicated, any of these questions shall be placed on the list of questions for oral answer in the order in which notices are received in point of time.
As per FSL report, no poison was detected in the viscera of the deceased.
In the case at hand, the State of Orissa had not suffered any adverse judicial pronouncement to necessitate a , as has been the position in the generality of the cases dealt with by this Court.
The Institute has also made rapid strides on the academic front introducing first of its kind, post-doctoral courses.
The names of accused A19-Rakhal, A16- Subal Samanta and A15-Dipu have been mentioned in the FIR, but their names have not been mentioned by the eye-witnesses in their statements before the police.
The benefits we offer them are on par with the best available.
The main issue raised in the case is as to whether Ms. B has the capacity to make her own decision about her treatment in hospital.
Some months ago, Pano became the owner of a biogas plant, which converts waste organic matter such as cow dung and dead leaves into biogas for cooking.
We have moved from horse-carts to the space age.
The 1980 Act The 1939 Act was replaced by the Judicial Councils Reform and Judicial Conduct and Disability Act 1980 (title 28 USC 372 (c).
Learned counsel were probably independently conscious of the legal position, that the petition was not maintainable.
Launch of milk procurement pre-paid card by milk procurement agencies or grain procurement agencies in Punjab are other such variants of the card payment mechanism which only a card payment system developed within the country can appreciate and implement faster.
Being aggrieved by the conviction and sentence, convicted accused 1,3,4 and 6 to 8 preferred appeal before the High Court.
Similarly, injury No.4, which was an incised wound on the occipital region of the skull was bone deep.
If on the basis of the material on record, the court could form an opinion that the accused might have committed offence, it can frame the charge, though for conviction the conclusion is required to be proved beyond reasonable doubt that the accused has committed the offence.
With the filing of the present appeals the restraint order against the declaration of the result pursuant to the second advertisement was vacated by this Court by an order dated 30th August 2011 with a direction that those qualified shall be given appointments without prejudice to the rights of the appellants and subject to the outcome of these appeals.
In a way, R & D capability of India is just opening up for planned investments.
We approve the view of the Gujarat High Court in Pankaj D Suthar (supra) and Dr. N.T. Desai (supra).
Hepatic encephalopathy may be triggered by an alcohol binge, a drug, or another stress in people who have a long - standing liver disorder.
When a new scheme come into force, the same may not apply to the persons who had retired prior thereto, but when there is a revision in the existing scheme by way of upward revision, the scheme should be applied.
In addition, the compounds of formula I are useful for treating diseases of the immune system and inflammations, subject to the involvement of protein kinases.
There was no such issue involved with regard to the meaning of the word “paid .
In fact, as we notice, the learned Judge has posed the question about the defensibility of the ultimate direction by the trial Court and thereafter proceeded to quote paragraphs from the trial Court judgment.
A successful franchisor has a tried and tested business model, and it will have reduced most of the mistakes that you will make if you start your own business.
Hence, it is Ordered That the petition under section 47 of C.P.C. dated 15.9.2011 is considered and rejected.
Department of Official Language Implementation Committee is headed by Director (Admn.).
The CBI also pointed out the details of investigation relating to investment through paper companies based in Kolkata and Mumbai, popularly known as suit case companies.
Being an ideal person, it must of necessity act in relation to its temporal affairs through human agency.
We have also considered the converse stance, raised by Mr. C.A. Sundaram, learned Senior Advocate representing most of the private parties.
There is nothing on record to suggest that it was executed at the instance of the appellant.
There is nothing on record to suggest that it was executed at the instance of the appellant.
HQRL did not file share certificate along with the duly executed share transfer form as on 10.5.2005, the date of Board resolution.
In the process, plethora of literature on such issues, including the law prevailing across the Globe was cited.
We were told that he had chest pain, and so was taken to Dande Hospital, a private hospital in Nagpur, by auto rickshaw, where some medication was provided,  Harkishan said.
At this juncture, we may note that Mr. Luthra submitted that the matter should be remitted to the High Court to deal with the application for grant of leave as per law.
If it appears to be undisputable, as it does to us that the pensioners for the purpose of pension benefits form a class, would its upward revision permit a homogeneous class to be divided by arbitrarily fixing an eligibility criteria unrelated to purpose of revision, and would such classification be founded on some rational principle?
If it appears to be undisputable, as it does to us that the pensioners for the purpose of pension benefits form a class, would its upward revision permit a homogeneous class to be divided by arbitrarily fixing an eligibility criteria unrelated to purpose of revision, and would such classification be founded on some rational principle?
By the Criminal Law (Second Amendment) Act 1983 (Act 46 of 1983) Chapter XXA was introduced in the Penal Code with Section 498A, creating a new offence of cruelty, which provides for punishment to the husband or relatives if they harass the women with a view to coerce her to meet any unlawful demand for 16 property.
Two learned Judges of the High Court, finding themselves unable to agree with the view taken by another bench of two learned Judges in Dr. Vishwajeet Singh and others.
Loan company: - means any financial institution whose principal business is that of providing finance, whether by making loans or advances or otherwise for any activity other than its own (excluding any equipment leasing or hire - purchase finance activity).
Discipline is sine qua non for effective and efficient functioning of the judicial system.
There is no question of requiring the insured to approach a court of law for adjudication of the claim.
Similarly Visakh Refinery has also planned to implement the Delayed Coker Unit (DCU) Projects for bottom up gradation.
As noticed above, the Appellant resigned from the post of Director on March 2, 2004.
The organic manure such as cow dung is used @ 20 tones / ha i. e. 2 kg per sq m area in the mid hill region.
The learned Attorney-General concedes that these debates are not admissible to explain the meaning of the words used and he wanted to use them only for the purpose of showing that the Constituent Assembly when they finally adopted the recommendation of the Drafting Committee, were fully aware of the implications of the differences between the old form of expression and the new.
It is not disputed that these accounting standards are made by the body of experts after extensive study and research.
However, the borrower did not respond to this letter.
Rainfall patterns were identified on the basis of peaks and troughs in the AR values over the period of time.
Tying up of the means of finance for the project to the satisfaction of the incentive sanctioning authority.
The principal debate raised before this Court, revolves around the cause and effect of the order dated 10.3.2000, passed by the Company Court in the High Court at Madras.
The same view was reiterated in Amlan Jyoti Borooah, (2009) 3 SCC 227, wherein it was held to be well settled that the candidates who have taken part in a selection process knowing fully well the procedure laid down therein are not entitled to question it upon being declared to be unsuccessful.
Bulls usually stand to graze and pattern of grazing behavior of each herd member is relatively similar, which moves slowly across the pasture with the muzzle close to the ground and they ruminate resting.
Both the parties adduced oral and documentary evidence in support of their respective stand.
There is what is now described as ''veillant panoptic assemblage', where data gathered through the ordinary citizen's veillance practices finds its way to state surveillance mechanisms, through the corporations that hold that data.
Consequently, the appeal of the Management fails and the same is dismissed with costs quantified at Rs.10,000/-. ...
On 27.3.2003 a notice was issued to the effect that the employees of BHALCO who had earlier submitted applications would only submit their joining letter and the employees who had not submitted applications earlier they shall submit the application Form in the prescribed format and joining letter as well.
To develop operational synergies with subsidiaries and joint ventures and continuously engage across the hydrocarbon value chain for the benefit of society at large.
Send a copy of this judgment to the lower Court along with LCR forthwith.
Any person who is either promoter or in the management or in the control of the business of the corporate debtor and in default is ineligible.
The learned Single Judge in the case of Arunodaya Prefab (supra) has held thus: It may not be open for the Charity Commissioner to consider the offers of third parties except only to the extent that they might disclose to him what might be the market value of the land only for the limited purposes of ascertaining the market value of the land.
We see no convincing reason to adopt a different course which even otherwise, having regard to the charge, is not warranted.
However, he had been convicted under (3) TADA and awarded RI of five years and a fine of Rs.25,000/-, in default of payment of fine, to suffer further RI of six months.
Hence, the concurrent finding that Shiv Dev Kaur did not acquire an absolute title was affirmed.
In Jagmohan, this Court had held that this sentencing discretion is to be exercised judicially on well recognised principles, after balancing all the aggravating and mitigating circumstances of the crime.
They also had a definite knowledge that sale of such liquor would cause methanol poisoning to the consumers and the possible result would be death or bodily injury.
The appellants in these two appeals are Government of NCT of Delhi and Delhi Transport Corporation respectively.
To claim such an equity separate bundle of facts was required to be pleaded and established.
If Parliament does not act, the courts may find themselves compelled to do so.
Once the Tribunal and the learned Single judge have found that there was infact, a defect in the manner in which the enquiry was held, there was no question of them recording findings on merit to the effect that the charges were not proved against the appellant.
The learned Senior Counsel for the respondent argued that the acceptance of voluntary retirement by appointing authority in all cases is mandatory.
The learned Session Judge also did not grant bail to some of the accused persons.
A copy of the judgment and order be sent to the Director, CBI, forthwith.
There cannot be any trace of doubt that the challenge to the grant of bail order by the learned Additional Sessions Judge was kept alive by this Court and, accordingly, application was filed before the High Court which has been dealt with by the learned single Judge by the impugned order.
The commission is of the view that within this category a reasonable classification can be made on the basis of the magnitude, brutality and the gravity of offence for which the convict was sentenced to life imprisonment.
Members must utilise their position as Members of Parliament to advance general well-being of the people.
I am glad to know that it has entered into an MoU with RCI-DRDO for conducting scientific research in association with eminent scientists.
Under Regulation 24(2)(e), the resolution professional has to take a roll call of every participant attending through video conferencing or other audio and visual means, and must state for the record that such person has received the agenda and all relevant material for the meeting which would include the resolution plan to be discussed at such meeting.
The real competition in cases of the nature covered by Ajithkumar starts after the shortlisting of candidates in the preliminary examination.
Department of Agriculture and Cooperation (DAC) has over the years undertaken several IT initiatives such as AGMARKNET, SEEDNET, DACNET etc.
C. SAFEGUARDS (i) Offences in relation to which this disqualification applies Some previous reports have made various recommendations with respect to the range of offences.
We respectfully reiterate the said feeling and re-state with the hope that employees in any organization should adhere to discipline for not only achieving personal excellence but for collective good of an organization.
This is being done primarily for the purpose of satisfying the condition of specialised experience for manufacture and affixation of HSRP.
There was no blood found and the blood stained clothes of the witnesses were also not produced before the police.
Therefore in the present circumstances, the State, in the interest of dignity of women, maintenance of public order and morality has banned dances in such establishments where regulation is virtually impossible.
Therefore in the present circumstances, the State, in the interest of dignity of women, maintenance of public order and morality has banned dances in such establishments where regulation is virtually impossible.
It is the further case of prosecution that Ramdeo Prasad, AG-I was posted as Depot Incharge, F.S.D, F.C.I, at Tilrath during 1980 and he was the overall Incharge of the Depot and personally responsible for the safety of all the stock and also proper maintainence of records of the godown.
This is clearly objectionable.
Shri V. Krishnaswami Aiyar is another name that deserves to be recalled, both for his contribution to this Court as well as to society at large.
It has many facets and we have to draw a balance between conflicting rights and duties.
Certain crops cannot bear excess water and they die leaving the farmer with a burden of debt.
The State Government by order dated 14.02.2002 appointed all the appellants.
Be that as it may, Section 39 opens with a non obstante clause and makes it more explicit that the provisions of the Amendment Act, 2014 shall have and shall be deemed always to have effect for all purposes as if the provisions of the Act have been amended by the said Act, had been in force at all material times.
Be that as it may, Section 39 opens with a non obstante clause and makes it more explicit that the provisions of the Amendment Act, 2014 shall have and shall be deemed always to have effect for all purposes as if the provisions of the Act have been amended by the said Act, had been in force at all material times.
The contentions of the appellant will be taken up in detail at a later stage.
Another letter was addressed by the respondents undertaking that the first lot of 500 shares would be returned by 24/05/2002 and all 10000 shares would be returned by 30/06/2002.
FSA is a related surcharge levied to meet the increased cost of generation and purchase of electricity.
A merit ultimately examined finally in the case and is found to be meritless.
During the hearing on 10.03.2015, it was observed that Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) had already made the submission that the issue of allowing for annuity payment to the dependant with disability under Jeevan Aadhar Policy to commence after certain age of a subscriber at 55, 58 or 60 years was considered during the budgetary exercise for 2007-08 and the same was not found to be acceptable.
Similar is the law noticed in the case of Dalip Kaur (supra).
That is how the confusion was caused as to the identity of that portion of Sabik Plot No. 139 which is within the leasehold area of the appellant.
State of Karnataka and Respondent Nos.2 and 3 are directed to suitably modify and amend the Information Bulletin in question in keeping with the observations made in this Judgment and re-publish the Calendar of Events in terms of this Judgment and complete the entire process within the timeline stipulated by the concerned regulatory authorities. ...
A copy of this order be sent to the Secretary to the Governor of Bihar by fax.
No question of perversity was required to be framed or gone into to answer the issues arising.
This is not to suggest that public interest litigation has not been misused or that occasionally this Court has not exceeded its jurisdiction, but it must be emphasised that wherever this Court might have exceeded its jurisdiction, it has always been in the interest of the people of the country prompted by administrative mis-governance or absence of governance.
TADA and IPC, and was awarded 5 years imprisonment and a fine of Rs.25,000/-, and in default of payment of fine to suffer further RI for a period of six month.
We are not inclined to entertain either of the applications at this stage.
The 6th Pay Commission has not expressly recommended application of DACP Scheme to Commissioned Officers in AMC Cadre, as can be discerned from the said report itself.
Let us take the example of a workman who had received the termination order on 10-10-1987.
First, the post of Chief Secretary is a highly sensitive post.
And while examining whether any such failure had indeed taken place, the Court concerned would also keep in mind whether the objection touching the error, omission or irregularity in the sanction could or should have been raised at an earlier stage of the proceedings meaning thereby whether the same could and should have been raised at the trial stage instead of being urged in appeal or revision.
And while examining whether any such failure had indeed taken place, the Court concerned would also keep in mind whether the objection touching the error, omission or irregularity in the sanction could or should have been raised at an earlier stage of the proceedings meaning thereby whether the same could and should have been raised at the trial stage instead of being urged in appeal or revision.
However, submits the counsel, once particular officers are allocated to NCTD, during their tenure in NCTD, it is within the powers of the GNCTD to assign them to particular departments.
Jai Devi and her nephew Nitin were walking down a street in their village.
When the tenant is a Company or a Corporation or anybody with juristic personality, question of the death of the tenant will not arise.
We dispose of the appeal by holding that the CAT had only directed that instead of ‘DITS’, the ‘year of allotment’ should be the determining factor/criteria for determining the inter se seniority.
Explanation 5.—Where a building previously the property of the assessee is brought into use for the purpose of the business or profession after the 28th day of February, 1946, the actual cost to the assessee shall be the actual cost of the building to the assessee, as reduced by an amount equal to the depreciation calculated at the rate in force on that date that would have been allowable had the building been used for the aforesaid purposes since the date of its acquisition by the assessee.
A Division Bench of this Court in the case of .[12] held that the sale transactions of a similar nature is void ab initio in law.
But knowledge generation without value formation counts for little. Education without values is like a flower without fragrance.
This issue can also be kept open to be decided by the Arbitral Tribunal provided the said plea is urged before the Chief Justice.
The resulting yarn would therefore merit classification based on the principle of pre-dominance of textile material used.
PAHAL is the world’s largest cash benefit transfer scheme that has saved over Rs. Twenty One thousand crore in two years.
The appellant vide notice dated 4.7.1992, informed the respondent-company, that as per clause 2(n) of the lease deed, all construction had to be completed within a stipulated time period of 5 years.
Under Rule 4(v), the Committee is required to communicate the fee structure determined by it to the State Government for notification.
Regular meetings held with employees to brief them on matters of interest and to discuss anything of concern to the company or to them, including problems with production, standards or rules, as well as any concerns they may have. Such meetings provide considerable feelings of belonging to employees and bring many suggestions on how specific projects, as well as overall operations can be improved.
Similarly, can one Family Court hold that an interim or an interlocutory order of another Family Court on the same subject matter may be ignored in the best interests and welfare of the child?
In this factual background, in my considered view, learned Appellate Court erred in allowing the application to bring on record the legal legal representatives of deceased Mukhtiar Singh without (a) the proposed legal representatives of deceased Mukhtiar Singh being properly served and (b) without affording them an opportunity of being heard, on the application.
This Court explained that to hold an award to be opposed to public policy, the patent illegality should go to the very root of the matter and not a trivial illegality.
This Court explained that to hold an award to be opposed to public policy, the patent illegality should go to the very root of the matter and not a trivial illegality.
Reference to the Commission 1.11 India signed the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment [adopted by General Assembly of the UN on 108 December, 1984 (Resolution No.39/46)] (known as the UN Convention against Torture, in short 'CAT') on October 14, 1997 however, so far it has not been ratified.
The deduction towards income tax / surcharge alone should be considered to arrive at the net income of the deceased.
The underlying object is to classify dealers into those who are economically superior and those who are not.
The underlying object is to classify dealers into those who are economically superior and those who are not.
High Court after noticing the aforesaid fact has further noticed the latter dated 04.08.2014 sent by the Public Service Commission to the Government seeking consent of the Government to issue a Notification for recruitment, fixing 40%-50% disability for partially blind and partially deaf candidates.
The train driver, guard and other employees had run away from the spot.
Economic situation in major consuming countries like USA, Europe, Japan and China influence consumption on account to its high demand from industrial sectors, especially automobiles.
In another note, which was handwritten by Dr Ambedkar and was later published with the title “Frustration , he wrote: It is an attempt to make reparations to those, whose identity was subjugated by society.
On a reading of the provision, it is demonstrable that women are treated as subordinate to men inasmuch as it lays down that when there is connivance or consent of the man, there is no offence.
The pay scales came to be revised for non-teaching staff of non-agricultural universities of Maharashtra and also for non-teaching staff working in affiliated colleges and recognised institutions.
In order to have sufficient deterrent effect, mandatory minimum punishments have been prescribed while taking care to see that such punishment has an element of proportionality.
The NCPCR and the SCPCRs must carry out time-bound studies on various issues, as deemed appropriate, under the JJ Act.
A further question is whether the Committee so appointed is merely gathering evidence and, therefore, no special safeguards are necessary.
Learned senior counsel also referred to the evidence of PWs 19 and 20 and also explained the procedure followed by PW19, who conducted the post- mortem examination on the skeleton of Diana.
Our knowledge system offer tremendous scope for research involving land-to-lab investigation and lab-to-land transfer of technology.
Similarly even if one writ petition is dismissed in limine by a non-speaking one-word order 'dismissed', another writ petition would not be maintainable because even the one-word order, as we have indicated above, must necessarily be taken to have decided impliedly that the case is not a fit one for exercise of the writ jurisdiction of the High Court.
Among them, PWs 3, 5, 6 and 7 are injured eye-witnesses.
With Bangladesh, we now need to recapture the spirit of the Liberation War of 1971 to build a new future.
Our Constitution outlines the values that should be fundamental in the governance in our country.
Strengthening / up - grading 63 existing State Fertilizer Quality Control Laboratories.
In such cases, the problem of nomination and related matters may create difficulties.
The Committee observed that the relevant factors for a Pilot Commercial Court are: (a) The Pilot Commercial Court would require support from the relevant institutions.
Sd/-B.Sudheendra Kumar, Judge.
Dr. G.K. Chaubey, who conducted the post mortem, PW-5, Seema, daughter of the deceased, PW-3, Shanker Lal, PW-2 and Surender, PW-4 who informed the police at the first instance and Vijender Singh, PW-21, the sub-Inspector who recorded the statement.
Plaintiffs had no right to interfere in the shares allotted to other co-heirs in the suit for partition.
One of the major irrigation projects in the country relating to construction of Dam on Narmada river came up for consideration in Narmada Bachao Andolan vs. Union of India: 2000(10) SCC 664. We shall deal with this case in some detail.
He took a class on the subject of 'Politics in India since Independence' for students of class 11 and 12 at Dr. Rajendra Prasad Sarvodaya Vidyalaya in President's Estate.
This office gives academic input and support of Indological and Sanskrit studies of Kalakosa.
Moreover, the allegation that the body was sent unaccompanied to Gategaon is contrary to what has emerged on the record.
To frame a charge for a new offence and remand the matter back for the accused to face a prolonged trial again does not appear to us to be a reasonable proposition.
The court was not dealing with the question as to whether sub-section (2) of would be applicable even when option to pay fine in lieu of confiscation is not exercised.
A4 took the responsibility to cause bomb blasts in Rajdhani Express trains in State of Uttar Pradesh while A1 took the responsibility to cause bomb blasts in the western and southern parts of the country.
We are, thus, not persuaded to accept the plea of mistaken identity, as sought to be advanced by the learned senior counsel, which is what is stated to be the real case distinguishing A-5 from other accused.
We are, thus, not persuaded to accept the plea of mistaken identity, as sought to be advanced by the learned senior counsel, which is what is stated to be the real case distinguishing A-5 from other accused.
The discriminatory provisions in have to be considered with reference to the classification made.
The said members of his family were his wife, his daughter-in-law and his sons, namely:- Anjumbhai (A-3), Yusufbhai (A-4), Yakubbhai (A-1) and Ayubbhai (AA).
Even here we may reject the notion that a penalty or a punishment cannot be cast in the form of an absolute or no-fault liability but must be preceded by mens rea.
It may not be out of context to note that it is generally difficult to prosecute the custodial torture cases as the evidence available on record may not sufficient.
Moreover, there is no bar to adjudication for purposes of transfer of shares unless the court finds otherwise.
The appellants have given no explanation as to what they did after they took away the body.
The Company challenged the order of the BIFR before the appellate authority but was unsuccessful.
The relevant extract of message reads as under: 'Something has happened at Bankot therefore maximum alert to be kept at D-31 division starting immediately' It shows that A-112 had asked to keep a strict vigil at Bankot in the face of clear and specific information that the landing was to take place at Mhasla.
The appellant’s omission in not rendering complete and undivided legally owed duty to patient and not performing the procedure himself has not made any difference.
The vast stretch of white sand offers excellent opportunities for those who wish to relax and spend a quite holiday.
This mutually beneficial relationship has been further reinforced by regular high-level political exchanges and our growing bilateral trade.
No efforts should be spared in bringing the perpetrators of this heinous attack to justice.
While the 14 day term repo of tenor would be conducted every reporting Friday, the 7 day term repo would be conducted on every non - reporting Friday.
It is alleged that when the complainant had asked for payment of the due amount, the petitioner had threatened him and refused to pay the due money.
Further, it must also be noticed that the Respondents have been trying to seek adjudication of disputes by arbitration.
Any action taken by a public authority which is invested with statutory powers has, therefore, to be tested by the application of two standards: the action must be within the scope of the authority conferred by law and secondly, it must be reasonable.
My Government is committed to implement the idea of SMART Police (Smart but Sensitive, Modern and Mobile, Alert and Accountable, Reliable and Responsive, Tech - savvy and well Trained) to provide efficient, courteous and effective citizen services and meet the operational needs of the police personnel including women police personnel.
We promised to promote fraternity, dignity of the individual, and unity and integrity of the nation.
It is well settled that the right of redemption under a mortgage deed can come to an end only in a manner known to law.
Under these circumstances I allow this revision petition to the extent holding the order of allotment dated 24.01.2001 as nonexistent and consequent attestation of mutation under Section 3-A Ag Ref Act as null and void.
Toubro Ltd. (supra) can be made. .
We agree with Mr. Andhyarujina that passive euthanasia should be permitted in our country in certain situations, and we disagree with the learned Attorney General that it should never be permitted.
This, so far as society is concerned, is essential for maintaining the rule of law; and from the point of view of the investigator, an expeditious conclusion of investigations is necessary because greater the delay, greater the chances of evidence being destroyed, witnesses being compromised or the accused being able to manipulate circumstances to his or her advantage.
The most important feature of Sachs’ vision relevant to our Constitution is that Indian society must move “from the culture of authority and submission to the law, to one of justification and rights under the law .
I am happy to be here today to attend the second annual convocation of the Central University of Karnataka.
Encouraging such a practice of an offer being withdrawn which has become uneconomical would have a destabilizing effect in the securities market.
Encouraging such a practice of an offer being withdrawn which has become uneconomical would have a destabilizing effect in the securities market.
The Government recently launched the Rajiv Gandhi National Fellowship for students with disabilities to enable them to pursue higher education.
M.V. Janardhan Reddy, Andhra Bank, Rajasthan State Financial Corpn. and Official Liquidator cases.
In this Chapter, we shall refer to the constitution or proposals for constitution of environmental Courts in other countries.
Mr. Madhav Mallya and Ms. Vrinda Bhandari, Research Associates, National Law University and Mr. Saral Minocha and Ms. Sonal Sarda, students of National Law University also helped in analysing and compiling the data.
While the taxpayer has no right to demand a quid pro quo benefit for the taxes paid, he has a right to expect that the taxes paid will not be gifted to other persons without general public benefit.
One cannot dispute that the Act does not provide for grant of such reliefs to the landowners under the Act.
It is actively involved in framing policies and schemes for the sector.
But the inescapable truth is, that factually Darshan Gupta did not extend emotional or moral support to his wife, after her medical episode.
But the inescapable truth is, that factually Darshan Gupta did not extend emotional or moral support to his wife, after her medical episode.
411. We have considered the rival submissions made by learned counsel for the parties and perused the record.
The appellant then returned back to Bombay alongwith Rafiq, Shahnawaz, Firoz and Abdul.
The plea before us from the Appellants is that the land should revert to them under , since an Award under has still not been made despite the passage of almost three decades from the date of the subject Notification.
The judicial control over the fast expanding maze of bodies affecting the rights of the people should not be put into watertight compartment.
Deputy Prime Minister and Home Minister Mr. Bimalendra Nidhi, representatives of prominent civic bodies and a large number of residents of the area attended the function.
According to the learned counsel, the prosecution neither could establish the cost of construction of marriage pandal nor it led any evidence to show that A1 incurred any expenditure.
All State Governments and Union Territories have already been requested by the MoRTH to set up Road Safety Cells.
Moreover, most of the instruments of governance are executed through appropriate laws passed by Legislatures.
The Contract can be terminated on either side by three months notice or by payment/deposit of three months’ emoluments in lieu of notice.
No doubt, a comparative idea was good for providing a proper perspective for the understanding and interpretation of the constitutional scheme.
Such amounts are in law received by the assessee only in the year when they are paid.
Understand the market dynamics.
Prior to its national launch, the film was slated for release in Kolkata and some districts of West Bengal on 15 February 2019.
The exercise involves inspection of the New Guard, nomination of sentries, a formal march to take post and exchange of compliments by the Guards.
Not only do we have to find gainful employment to engage our growing manpower, we also have to equip them with capacity and expertise to make this impending demographic dividend count.
Being aggrieved, the complainant has filed this appeal by way of special leave, seeking transfer of the Sessions Case No.1006/2009 expressing apprehension that in spite of the direction of the High Court, the trial court might proceed on a pre-conceived notion.
Out of this amount again, 50% was deducted towards alleged contributory negligence of the deceased husband of the first appellant and the Tribunal awarded Rs.1,92,000/- towards the loss of dependency.
Out of this amount again, 50% was deducted towards alleged contributory negligence of the deceased husband of the first appellant and the Tribunal awarded Rs.1,92,000/- towards the loss of dependency.
The parameters of the Governor’s powers with reference to Articles 163, 174, 175, 179 and the Tenth Schedule, have been dealt with by us hereinabove, and need not be repeated.
In the result, I am of the view that S.L. Arora's case is wrongly decided in that it holds that a sum directed to be paid by an Arbitral Tribunal and the reference to the Award on the substantive claim does not refer to interest pendente lite awarded on the 'sum directed to be paid upon Award' and that in the absence of any provision of interest upon interest in the contract, the Arbitral Tribunal does not have the power to award interest upon interest, or compound interest either for the pre-award period or for the post-award period.
It has been argued by the petitioners that the Election Commission of India, which under the Constitution has been given the plenary powers to supervise the elections freely and fairly, had opposed the impugned amendment of changing the secret ballot system.
Even accepting that the petitioner refused the notice on 20.09.1989, the respondent ought to have filed this complaint after the expiry of 15 days from the date of receipt of the notice.
The demand can as well be to the father, mother, brother, etc., of the married woman.
Though the obscurity of the causative factors is due to the putrefaction of the body, the benefit of the deficiency in proof, logically would be available to the persons charged.
NISCAIR is the nodal organization for developing a 'Consortium for CSIR Laboratories for Accessing e - journals'.
This Court has laid down that given the level of indebtedness and NPAs on the balance- sheets of banks and financial institutions, the time taken for recovery of debts via the civil courts, the importance of liquid and solvent banks and financial institutions to economic progress, especially in the present day global economy with a need to give up old and conventional methods of financing and recovery of debts, and the failure of the 1993 Act to bring about the desired results, it could not be said that a step taken towards securitization of debts and to evolve means for faster recovery of NPAs was not called for.
Reformulation of constitution of the National Consortium of Open Schooling (NCOS); organization of the Meetings of NCOS; and follow up action on recommendations of NCOS.
Delhi : The territory which immediately before the commencement  of  this  Constitution  was comprised in the Chief Commissioner’s Province of Delhi.
Private’ and “Public  company, is enough to turn down this alternate argument.
As noted above, the High Court dismissed the revision holding that there is no default in payment of rent and that the defendants have deposited all the amount due, on the first day of the hearing of the suit and thus, complied with the provisions of Section 12(3)(b) of the Bombay Rent Control Act.
The appeal preferred by him came to be dismissed and aggrieved by the same accused No.2 has preferred the present appeal.
The significance of this will be adverted to a little later.
Such a course is impermissible under law.
Given the fact that Triple Talaq is instant and irrevocable, it is obvious that any attempt at reconciliation between the husband and wife by two arbiters from their families, which is essential to save the marital tie, cannot ever take place.
Conversion of the raw berry into coffee beans would be a manufacturing activity.
Clause 10.2(a) does not make it a pre-condition for payment of the full amount of invoice within 5 business days in order to avail the rebate of 2.5%.
It was also argued that the matter of recovery of amounts was pending consideration of Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) as well as in the Gauhati High Court.
The Law Commission does not have the benefit of the views of the Government or the IRDA on these matters.
That the motive of the crime was due to the prior land dispute.
The perusal of the record of learned Magistrate disclose that he has not taken into consideration the protest petition of the petitioner.
If that is an obvious observation that holds across the board, it is also indicative of the possibility that a capital punishment trial, by its very nature, disadvantages the economically vulnerable, especially in an adversarial system.
On this occasion, I take the opportunity to salute and pay homage to this great visionary and architect of our education system.
The provisions of the said Act prohibit an individual candidate from resorting to promises, which constitute a corrupt practice within the meaning of Section 123 of the RP Act.
In January 1985, the appellant abandoned the works and submitted bills for the works already done.
The trade facility was sanctioned by the Respondent No. 2 on 19th January, 2005 as per the Letter of Guarantee executed by the appellant on the same date.
He expressed happiness that Canada is home to 1.5 million people of Indian origin.
The orders had been set aside by the High Courts of Karnataka and Kerala as well as by this Court.
The orders had been set aside by the High Courts of Karnataka and Kerala as well as by this Court.
Later on the said disciplinary proceedings were substituted from major penalty to minor penalty.
The facts and circumstances of the case did not warrant death sentence as awarded by the courts below, and hence, the appeals deserve to be allowed.
Therefore, a prisoner would be carved into pieces while still alive before being hanged.
Harish Chander Godara, brother of the deceased, appeared as PW-2.
Harish Chander Godara, brother of the deceased, appeared as PW-2.
Under Rule 157 certain conditions are specified, inter alia that the resolution shall not refer to the conduct or character of persons except in their official or public capacity.
In arriving at its penultimate conclusions, leading to the arrangement configured by the operative directions, as extracted hereinabove, the High Court elaborately delved into the factual details bearing on all facets of the surging disputes between the parties, tracing from the issue of validity or otherwise of the continuance of Mr. G.V. Rao as the Director of the company, to the imputation of mis- management and oppression, allegedly indulged in by the appellants and other Directors including the perceived imminent possibility of slicing off the assets of the establishment through a process of demerger.
In his statement, he gave full details of smuggling, landing and his participation in smuggling activities even in February, 1993 with Tiger Memon (AA).
In his statement, he gave full details of smuggling, landing and his participation in smuggling activities even in February, 1993 with Tiger Memon (AA).
He has been acquitted except under IPC by the trial court as well as by the High Court.
Criminal law cannot be set into motion as a matter of course. ...
The accused did not lead any defence.
Issue of notice where income has escaped assessment.
It is based on the principle of restitutio in integrum.
It has also the power to regulate power purchase of the distribution utilities including the price at which the power shall be procured from the generating companies for transmission, sale, distribution and supply in the State.
It has also the power to regulate power purchase of the distribution utilities including the price at which the power shall be procured from the generating companies for transmission, sale, distribution and supply in the State.
It has also the power to regulate power purchase of the distribution utilities including the price at which the power shall be procured from the generating companies for transmission, sale, distribution and supply in the State.
First, we shall deal with the onus to prove in such a case.
Chapter III provides for Special rights and privileges of tenants, and contains provisions for distribution of land for personal cultivation.
Chapter III provides for Special rights and privileges of tenants, and contains provisions for distribution of land for personal cultivation.
In his message to Dr. AvinashChander,Scientific Advisor to RakshaMantri and Director-General, DRDO, the President has said, 'I extend hearty congratulations to all those associatedwith the successful test-firing of the third developmental trial of India’s indigenous Agni-V surface-to-surface missile.
This helps the child in the womb to get vitamin A from its mother.
In his submission, the premium was therefore justified.
Big business firms which need large storage capacity on a regular basis and who can afford money, construction and maintain their private warehouses.
The reasons to convene an SCM must be followed by well articulated reasons or the record itself must justify such resort.
So long as no amendment is brought out to Rule 49 or Rule 57A, as the case may be, the consequences of making an assessee a defaulter and to deny him the benefit of utilising the input credit will become unworkable and ineffective.
Now, we revert back to the allegations made in the complaint under and Section 3/4 of D.P. Act.
The appellant was convicted by the Special Judge before the repealing was promulgated.
These appeals raise important questions of law in respect of the powers exercisable by democratically elected Government of NCT in juxtaposition to the power of Lt. Governor of NCTD (hereinafter referred to as “LG ).
On 12.03.1993, at about 12:30 noon, A-36 was present in the flat of Tiger Memon at Al-Hussaini Building along with Javed Chikna, Bashir Muchhad, Bashir Mahimwala, Shafi, Usman, Salim Dandekar, Anwar and Zakir.
The expression 'relating to' preceding the words “levy, assessment, collection...  clearly means, therefore, that Bye-laws will have to be consistent with what is already provided under the NDMC Act.
As the appellant has not chosen to give the complaint to the police, according to the complainant the other accused hatched a conspiracy with the appellant – Branch Manager and accordingly cheated him.
It was a free fight between the two family members.
According to the prosecution, the deceased was subjected to cruelty and on the fateful day, the appellant returned home in drunken condition and started abusing the deceased and her mother Prabha Bai who had come on a visit to her daughter’s house.
Therefore, the complaint under should be filed on or before or within, 30 days of the date on which the cause of action under arises.
It categorically states that any law made in contravention thereof, to the extent of the contravention, be void.
It was laid down therein that all the sub-clauses of serve to bring transactions where essential ingredients of a ‘Sale’ as defined in the , 1930 are absent, within the ambit of sale or purchase for the purposes of levy sales tax.
In the aforesaid circumstances, the submission raised on behalf of Amrapali group that under the provisions of the RERA their interest should be protected.
The word 'vest' is normally used where an immediate fixed right in present or future enjoyment in respect of a property is created.
Counsel submitted that only because of the obstinate and uncompromising attitude of the appellant-husband and his family that the respondent-wife had to take recourse to court proceedings.
As its current account deficit is expected to reduce to 3.7 per cent in 2013-14, and further down to about 2.5 per cent, the external sector will only strengthen in the near future.
In our opinion the question as to whether the provisions of the Public Premises Act override the provisions of the Rent Control Act will have to be considered in the light of the principles of statutory interpretation applicable to laws made by the same legislature.
Leave granted in all these matters.
On the contrary, his response to the court question reveals that he was extremely confused as to the issue which had to be addressed by him in the capacity of an expert.
It has been further held therein that there cannot be any vicarious liability unless there is a prosecution against the company.
By saying that the institution may give admission at its own risk invites further chaotic and unfortunate situations.
By saying that the institution may give admission at its own risk invites further chaotic and unfortunate situations.
It is undoubtedly a condition of service but not an incentive to attract new entrants because if it was to be available to new entrants only, it would be prospective at such distance of thirty-five years since its introduction.
Since the Council of States is indirectly elected by the State Legislatures, the State Legislatures have an important say in the amendment of the Constitution because of the requirement of special majorities in each House.
Secretary, Ministry of Environment & Forests is the South Asia Cooperative Environment Programme (SACEP) Focal Point for India.
In recognition of the above trend, there cannot be any greater and further participation of the executive, than that which existed hitherto before.
Chapter VIA of the SEBI Act provides for penalties and adjudication.
On the occasion of Navroz, I offer my warm greetings and good wishes to all my Parsi brothers and sisters.
Government of Karnataka is considering fruit and vegetable processing sector as a thrust area for development.
There is no such legal requirement imposed on a Magistrate for passing detailed order while issuing summons.
The Executing Court, by order dated 30.09.2016, issued a warrant of possession against the respondent/Judgment debtor in respect of suit house.
The classification was founded on an intelligible differentia which distinguished the offenders thus grouped together from those left out of the group.
I am aware that there are grievances.
The counsel for the respondents was directed to produce the original record relating to all the proceedings/memoranda, all articles of charges including the office note and inquiry report.
The counsel for the respondents was directed to produce the original record relating to all the proceedings/memoranda, all articles of charges including the office note and inquiry report.
It is these acts which are made punishable under sub-section (2).
It is these acts which are made punishable under sub-section (2).
Similarly, requires certain elements on satisfaction of which a person can be said to be guilty of raising funds for a terrorist organisation.
The Government shall constitute by notification in the official Gazette, one or more Scrutiny Committee(s) for verification of Caste Certificates issued by the Competent Authorities under sub-section (1) of section 4 specifying in the said notification the functions and the PART A area of jurisdiction of each of such Scrutiny Committee or Committees.
It is incorrect that TPC has recovered only 50 percent of standby charges payable to MSEB.
He had given a public notice of his formally embrasing Sikhism as far back as in 2006, which was not objected to by anyone.
A-16 in the identification parade dated 23.05.1993 conducted by SEM Moreshwar Thakur (PW-469).
Applying the above principles to the case in hand, in our considered view, no prima facie case is made out for summoning the appellants and to proceed against the appellants for the offence punishable under IPC.
In this regard, both the petitioner and the 2nd respondent are ad idem.
Every department of the Government presents its demand to the legislature concerned and the legislature votes on the same, and thereafter, the is passed which authorizes the Government to withdraw the money from the Consolidated Fund.
The same does not suffer from erroneous reasoning or error in law which requires interference by this Court.
In the instant case, there has been 50 marks for the written test as well as 50 marks for interview though the rules did not envisage holding of the interview at all.
In the instant case, there has been 50 marks for the written test as well as 50 marks for interview though the rules did not envisage holding of the interview at all.
Said memorandum recited that the parties had agreed to introduce pension scheme in banks for the workmen/employees in lieu of employers’ contribution to the provident fund and that the pension scheme so agreed was to be broadly on Central Government/Reserve Bank of India pattern.
Provided that the provisions of this sub-section shall not apply in any case where any such assessment or reassessment relates to an assessment year in respect of which an assessment or reassessment could not have been made at the time the order which was the subject-matter of the appeal, reference or revision, as the case may be, was made by reason of any provision limiting the time within which any action for assessment or reassessment may be taken.
Some of these above suggestions are certainly good and can be accepted.
Special tribunals are likely to grow rather than diminish.
This is the manner in which proposals for appointments to the 25 Supreme Court and the High Courts as well as for the transfers of Judges/Chief Justices of the High Courts must invariably be made.
Even if there are million questions of law to be deeply gone into and examined in a criminal case of this nature registered against specified accused persons, it is for them and them alone to raise all such questions and challenge the proceedings initiated against them at the appropriate time before the proper forum and not for third parties under the garb of public interest litigants.
All other convictions and sentences imposed on them by the High Court are maintained.
All other convictions and sentences imposed on them by the High Court are maintained.
We do not think that this is a fit case where the petitioner should be released on completion of 14 years imprisonment.
Sub-section (3) of further empowers the court by stating that it 'may' award compensation even in such cases where the sentence imposed does not include a fine.
Activities: ‘Janta ke Mudde’ Nukkad Naatak; Candle March; Oath Ceremony; Human Chain.
Being aggrieved by the verdict of conviction and sentence imposed upon them, the accused preferred appeal before the High Court which came to be dismissed by the High Court by the impugned judgment.
The legal maxim 'A Verbis Legis Non Est Recedendum' which means, 'from the words of law, there must be no departure' has to be kept in mind.
As you all know, there are major problems that bedevil the efforts of the low income groups become homeowners.
There is no such illegality or irregularity in the order of the Tribunal impugned before this Court which will require interference by this Court in the exercise of its jurisdiction under Article 226 of the Constitution of India.
These are new, and the effect to be given to them is something that we will have to decide.
No explanation is offered by him about the missing sanha entries.
He incurred 60% permanent disability owing to various injuries sustained in the accident.
But, it can be said that, meaning of the word “intersection  as provided generally in various dictionaries mentioned supra, is “cutting across .
In our view, therefore, the law laid down in Swapan Kumar Guha (supra) is directly applicable to the facts of this case as against the law laid down in the two cited decisions.
The High Court, both Single Bench as well as Division Bench, rightly noted that the aforesaid judgment was under the 1940 Act and the legal position in this behalf have taken a paradigm shift which position is clarified in Sayeed Ahmed and Company case.
The potential of engineering and technology to contribute to economic upliftment and sustainable development has engaged the attention of many today.
P- 69-receipt.
P- 69-receipt.
Thereafter, on December 15, 2006, the TNVAT Act was enacted under List II, Entry 54 of the Constitution of India and notified in the Official Gazette after receiving assent of the Governor (on December 14, 2006), to consolidate and amend the law relating to the levy of tax on the sale or purchase of goods in the State of Tamil Nadu.
All the appeals have been filed by the Union of India through Ministry of Defence and others questioning the judgment of High Court and judgments of Central Administrative Tribunal, Principal Bench, Delhi and different other benches of Central Administrative Tribunals.
At any rate, no document is brought to our notice showing the charges framed by the Court in spite of repeated enquiry.
Single Judge, appeal be placed for admission.
It has already been noticed that in regard to hotels this Court has in Associated Hotels of India Ltd.[7] adopted the concept of the English law that there is no sale when food and drink are supplied to guests residing in the hotel.
The first blow was on a vital part, that is on the temporal region.
Pass an order directing all judicial officers to pay particular attention for cases where the accused have not been arrested.
In such a scenario examination of these witnesses through video conferencing provides the solution which balances the interest of the accused as well as vulnerable witnesses.
It was contended, that when the matter pertaining to the effect of the striking down of a constitutional amendment, had been referred to a nine-Judge Bench, it would be improper for this Court, sitting in its present composition, to determine the aforesaid issue.
On such deposit, it will be open to the appellant to approach the Tribunal for appropriate orders on withdrawal.
As an off-shoot of the above, we also have no hesitation in holding that the Medical Council of India is not empowered under the 1956 Act to actually conduct the NEET.
Dr. Ambedkar was clear that no Constitution is perfect and ultimately the working of the Constitution will depend upon the people, the political parties and their politics.
Such unilateral proposals, were unilaterally withdrawn.
He also withheld material facts from the Court which defeated the Court 's directions.
Thereafter, police again asked me to properly check the household articles.
Sisir Kumar Bose was a twenty-year old medical student at the time of the great escape of Netaji.
Therefore, it is recommended that the Central Government shall provide necessary funds required, so that the Regulatory Authority may perform its functions effectively.
The first is, what may be called, culpable homicide of the first degree.
Constitutional morality is thus the guiding spirit to achieve the transformation which, above all, the Constitution seeks to achieve.
The Police in his presence broke open the lock of the door of a portion of the house.
The Police in his presence broke open the lock of the door of a portion of the house.
As the world continues to shrink and get more and more interdependent due to globalisation and advent of modern day technologies, peace and development remain the central agenda for India.
There is nothing in this Regulation to even remotely indicate that a separate channel for admission to in-service candidates must be provided, at least in respect of Post Graduate “Degree  Courses.
BIS also holds secretariat of some of the important ISO / IEC Committees which are of trade interest of India.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee will visit Karnataka (Bangalore) on December 8, 2014 where he will be the Chief Guest at the Launch of ‘Mobile One’ a Mobile Governance application of Govt. of Karnataka.
As far as the prayer of the institution as regards the Academic Session 2018-2019 is concerned, it does not deserve consideration and, accordingly, stands rejected.
Shri Chandan Kumar, an office boy and employee of CA Anil Mittal, Statutory Auditor and Shri Atul Mittal, relative of CA Anil Mittal were inducted in the board.
Jagdish Chander-PW8, commenced to search for his daughter.
This defence was taken by way of an after thought when the suit was filed and beyond the oral statement made in the depositions of defendant no.1, there is not even an iota of evidence to hold that these agreements were by way of security for a loan transaction.
The selection, coaching, performance evaluation and umpiring are to be handled by Cricket Committees manned only by former professionals.
If the principle of willing buyer and willing seller is applied there can possibly be no market at all for the property acquired.
It is one of the factors taken into account.
This certificate was initially refused by the Departmental authorities vide Order-in-Original dated 08.07.1997 passed by Assistant Commissioner of Central Excise, Sitapur Division.
A loss would be a business loss.
Maharana Uday Singh initiated the construction of the palace but succeeding Maharanas added several palaces and structures to the complex, retaining the uniformity of design.
The Civil Judge dismissed the petition and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd. filed a revision before the High Court, but the High Court also dismissed the revision.
The Civil Judge dismissed the petition and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd. filed a revision before the High Court, but the High Court also dismissed the revision.
He said that India stands by the Government and people of Turkey in this difficult hour.
The Directors and Shareholders of these Companies were benami and were the trusted junior employees of promoters.
The papers wherein the accused Mammumiya Panjumiya was declared absconding.
Facts of the case and the issues involved in these appeals are short.
Every (2011) 5 SCC 29 action/decision of the State and/or its agencies/instrumentalities to give largesse or confer benefit must be founded on a sound, transparent, discernible and well-defined policy, which shall be made known to the public by publication in the Official Gazette and other recognised modes of publicity and such policy must be implemented/executed by adopting a non-discriminatory and non-arbitrary method irrespective of the class or category of persons proposed to be benefited by the policy.
After the Original Package No. 4 was split into five different contracts, the parties cannot go back to the Original Package No.4 nor can they merge them into one.
The finding of fact recorded to the effect that compensation could not be paid to the khatedars for want of money, is based on no evidence even though a reference was made to an affidavit filed by the State Authorities.
The finding of fact recorded to the effect that compensation could not be paid to the khatedars for want of money, is based on no evidence even though a reference was made to an affidavit filed by the State Authorities.
In my humble opinion under Section-4 of the Benami Transaction (Prohibition) Act, 1988 filing of present Suit is prohibited.
Moreover, Aadhaar lends assurance and accuracy on account of existence of fake, bogus and ghost cards, vide the process of de-duplication and authentication.
Second, if such appeal had remained pending before the Appellate Board on 01.06.2000, the same would have been transferred to the Appellate Tribunal constituted under FEMA in terms of (5)(b) of FEMA for its disposal.
In our opinion, section 21 has been rightly held to be invalid.
It is obvious that if any standards were to be laid down with regard to several kinds of breaches of trust by the persons referred in that section, that would be an impossible task.
The monthly maintenance was made payable on or before 10th of each succeeding month.
The State also has one of the largest coastlines in the country which again presents opportunities for marine biotechnology.
One of the single digit Indian representative in the Fortune 500 & Forbes 2000 listings, we are often referred to as an “MNC in PSU garb .
For the reasons stated above, we see no merit in the appeals filed by the Union of India.
Per contra, learned counsel for the respondent-State contended that deceased-Karamjit Kaur died in connection with demand of dowry within 21/2 years of marriage.
Second, Ex.P-15, which is sale deed of the suit shop nowhere recites that the respondent was in possession of the suit shop as tenant.
Such a stance by the courts is neither feasible nor practicable.
Part performance.
RIDF loans have been utilised by State Governments for creating much needed capital formation in agriculture and critical rural infrastructure.
Food Processing has immense potential for generating employment in rural areas, particularly for the landless poor, besides guaranteeing remunerative price for the farm - produce.
Food Processing has immense potential for generating employment in rural areas, particularly for the landless poor, besides guaranteeing remunerative price for the farm - produce.
The recommendation of High Powered Selection Committee was necessary, thus, the Government has acted completely in an arbitrary manner and in contravention of to appoint Mr. Nageshwar Rao.
Maximum assistance for creation or strengthening of infrastructure will be Rs. 150 lakhs on matching basis, not exceeding 50% of project cost.
He points out that under Rule 6(1) there is no option of getting remuneration as per the scheme of the organization to which an officer is sent on deputation.
In this connection, we may point out that there is an exhaustive discussion of what words should be used while enabling Courts to pass ‘suppression’ orders.
The proliferation of digital technologies, coupled with advancements in energy and genomics, is substantially raising the productivity of business as well as agriculture.
Section 101 lays down the general rule about the burden of proof.
It must be clearly understood that a forwarding agent is not, in general, a carrier: he does not obtain possession of the goods: and he does not undertake the delivery of them at the other end.
While at present there are several stand alone publications/documents on Rashtrapati Bhavan, there is no authentic, officially documented narrative with an underlying, unifying theme and perspective.
The resource management projects should subscribe to the “Subsidiarity  principle to guide the division of decision - making, rule - making, implementation, enforcement and dispute - resolution powers to the lowest possible level.
More than 12.7 lakh hectares have been brought under micro irrigation in the last two years.
A Letter of Intent was issued for the whole plot on 29 April 2006.
(2) Orders and other instruments made and executed in the name of the Governor shall be authenticated in such manner as may be specified in rules to be made by the Governor, and the validity of an order or instrument which is so authenticated shall not be called in question on the ground that it is not an order or instrument made or executed by the Governor.
These appeals assail the order of Division Bench of the High Court of Rajasthan at Jodhpur allowing Special Appeal No.369 of 2009 dated 17.01.2011 filed by the respondent thereby quashing the circular dated 06.10.2008 which provided for deduction of royalty payable to the mining department from the bills of the contractors who have been given the work contract by the government department.
An Original Application seeking similar relief was filed by one Col. Sanjeev Sehgal[1] .
There may be cases where on 22.5.1993, the period of 180 days had already expired but the period of one year was not yet over.
The appellant met A-39 in Dubai where he told him that they have to go to Pakistan to take training in arms.
To similar effect is the judgment cited by Shri Bhushan, Sudhir Chandra Nawn v. WTO, (1969) 1 SCR 108 at 113, where the Court held: “Exclusive power to legislate conferred upon Parliament is exercisable, notwithstanding anything contained in clauses (2) & (3), that is made more emphatic by providing in clause (3) that the Legislature of any State has exclusive power to make laws for such State or any part thereof with respect to any of the matters enumerated in List II in the Seventh Schedule, but subject to clauses (1) and (2).
Loan Period: The loan period is upto a maximum of 15 years.
So far as is concerned, the substance of the freedom of trade guarantee is preserved.
The writ petition was dismissed by the High Court by the impugned order dated 28th October, 2013 stating that until and unless the competent Court of law decides the order of detention as illegal and invalid, it cannot be said that it is unauthorized detention.
No one would get more than three large galas and for retaining the third, the claimant would have to pay the market price within ninety days of the acceptance of the norms by the High Court.
It postulates that entire land should have been used for the purposes enumerated.
According to the respondents, the review petition by Union of India as well as the application for extension of time by NTC are nothing but an abuse of the process of the Court and must be dismissed.
As is manifest, after the admissions were over as per the direction of this Court, the appellants, who seemed to have resigned to their fate, woke up to have control over the events forgetting that the law does not assist the non-vigilant.
However, we do not find any confusion in the evidence of PW5, inasmuch as he has consistently deposed that he saw the accused/appellant, deceased and PW4 in the vehicle of the accused/appellant in the region of the Sabzi Mandi.
However, we do not find any confusion in the evidence of PW5, inasmuch as he has consistently deposed that he saw the accused/appellant, deceased and PW4 in the vehicle of the accused/appellant in the region of the Sabzi Mandi.
I would have preferred no time-limit to be there, but speaking more practically, any time-limit in this, as Dr. Ambedkar pointed out, is apt on the one hand to delay this very process in large parts of the country, probably the greater part of the country; on the other hand, in some parts where practically speaking it may be very difficult to bring about, it may produce enormous confusion.
The Indian Army engages twelve thousand porters.
Ordinarily, this Court cannot interfere with policy decisions of the government unless they are clearly in violation of some statutory or Constitutional provision or is shockingly arbitrary in nature.
Where the High Court is required to be satisfied that the decision is according to law, it may examine whether the order impugned before it suffers from procedural illegality or irregularity.
Where the High Court is required to be satisfied that the decision is according to law, it may examine whether the order impugned before it suffers from procedural illegality or irregularity.
Thereafter, the Veterinary Assistant Surgeon and Deputy Block Development Officer (ADW) will arrange a meeting of the village level Committee in the office of the Village Panchayat to scrutinize and list out the names of all the eligible beneficiaries for the Scheme.
Since the lease and license agreement between Colgate Palmolive (India) Limited and Pratima Chowdhury continued from 1.4.1992 to 19.10.1993, there was no question of handing over of possession thereof by Pratima Chowdhury to Kalpana Mukherjee.
Further the fact that prosecution case is that ransom call was made from Airtel No.8128381274 whereas this SIM Card was not recovered from the accused and SIM Card bearing No. 9785612832 belonging to Idea along with Nokia Mobile 1600 was recovered.
It is true that the appeal was filed after the Act came into force, but that circumstance is immaterial - for the date to be looked into for this purpose is the date of the original proceeding which eventually culminated in the appeal.
Mr Garg was, therefore, justified in making a grievance that the trial court actually treated it as a mere formality as is evident from the fact that it recorded the finding of guilt [pic]on 31-3-1987, on the same day before the accused could absorb and overcome the shock of conviction they were asked if they had anything to say on the question of sentence and immediately thereafter the decision imposing the death penalty on the two accused was pronounced.
Advertising either of these intoxicants has been banned in most parts of the world, the avowed purpose being to insulate persons who may not have partaken of this habit from being seduced to start.
The sanction order purported to be in the name of the Governor which was conveyed under the signature of the Under Secretary to Government of Madhya Pradesh.
Having understood the importance of plant biomass, Reddy stopped the practice of burning the sunflower stalks and other crop residues.
It is pertinent to note that in this case the husband and wife had lived separately for more than sixteen and a half years.
Mr. Yogeshwar Prasad, the learned senior counsel appearing for the appellants states that these cases should be heard along with the cases of Union of India which are pending against the latter view of the High Court.
The process of fabrication therefore conceptually would involve a lay out for the ultimate device to be installed, preceded by a design of the parameters prescribed, configuration of the resultant components, and integration thereof to structure the ultimate mechanism or product.
The process of fabrication therefore conceptually would involve a lay out for the ultimate device to be installed, preceded by a design of the parameters prescribed, configuration of the resultant components, and integration thereof to structure the ultimate mechanism or product.
To consider these small pieces of land as the basis for determining just compensation to be paid to the appellants for the acquired land as urged by the learned counsel for the appellants, we refer to the legal principles laid down by this Court after examining the relevant provisions of the Act in catena of cases.
To consider these small pieces of land as the basis for determining just compensation to be paid to the appellants for the acquired land as urged by the learned counsel for the appellants, we refer to the legal principles laid down by this Court after examining the relevant provisions of the Act in catena of cases.
The standards that we set for our censors must make a substantial allowance in favour of freedom thus leaving a vast area for creative art to interpret life and society with some of its foibles along with what is good.
The difference was only 331 cases.
After the retrenchment compensation is so fixed, a copy of the decision fixing the compensation payable to each of the worker will be sent by the respondent to the appellant Union.
After the retrenchment compensation is so fixed, a copy of the decision fixing the compensation payable to each of the worker will be sent by the respondent to the appellant Union.
This will be impermissible simply because the informed consent of those individuals, whose Aadhaar numbers were generated in that period cannot be retrospectively legislated by an assumption of law.
Much as the blooming of the spring, innovations by students, professionals, common man and local communities can bring smiles on the faces of millions of people.
I am confident that relations between the two countries will develop further through common platforms of the Commonwealth and CARICOM.
I am confident that relations between the two countries will develop further through common platforms of the Commonwealth and CARICOM.
It was for this reason that we thought it appropriate to deal with the dispute in detail.
While exercising the discretion for setting aside the ex-parte decrees or condoning the delay in filing the application to set aside the ex-parte decrees, the court is competent to direct the defendants to pay a portion of the decreetal amount or the cost.
The upshot of the above discussion, therefore, is that the requirement of a mandatory statutory provision having been violated, the trial and conviction of the petitioners for offences under the TADA must be held to have been vitiated on that account.
Praveen Kumar Jolly i.e. 4th respondent herein, 4th respondent has filed a suit for specific performance of the agreement in CS(OS) No.1508 of 2005 in which conditional order was passed.
If pure lead bullets caused the wounds on Haren Pandya's body, they would have been greyish black even when removed at the time of post mortem.
On 19 May 2014, the respondent filed objections to the execution petition.
The same is enshrined in the Indian Constitution which has been described as a magna carta for the socio-economic transformation of a large majority of the human race.
But it must be made clear that the judgment of this Court in Devadasan's case AIR 1964 SC 179, is only concerned with that part of the instructions of the Government of India which deal with the carry forward rule; it does not in any way touch the reservation for scheduled castes and scheduled tribes at 12-1/2% and 5%, respectively; nor does it touch the filling up of schedule tribes vacancies by scheduled caste candidates where sufficient number of scheduled tribes are not available in a particular year or vice versa.
It was this powerful legacy of mutually-beneficial cooperation cutting across varied sectors that enabled our two nations to swiftly overcome the difficulties posed by wide-ranging changes of the early 1990s.
That is to say, in the first part, inducement must be dishonest or fraudulent.
I have been repeatedly saying that in a manner similar to ancient times when India led in the field of higher education, today also, our institutions of higher learning must come up to international standards.
As is clear from the nomenclature of these two contracts, they were under JRY.
It also extends to enforcement of Court’s orders.
I call upon the faculty and scholars of PGI to step forward and become leaders in the world of medicine.
I take this opportunity to convey the appreciation of the people of India for your active participation and contribution in the 3rd India-Africa Forum Summit held in New Delhi in October last year.
The Constitution is primarily for the common man.
As nothing came out of that interrogation, the said accused persons were allowed to go back.
Where it exists, in the form of silence, confusion or uncertainty about the law, it is natural that those affected, despairing of solutions from the other law-making organs of government, will sometimes approach the judicial branch for what is in effect a new rule.
I would also like to observe that it is settled principle of law that in consonance with the provisions of section 11 of the Code of Civil Procedure, principle of res judicata equally applies to the interlocutory stage of the suit as well.
I am, therefore, prima facie of the opinion that there has been a deliberate violation of the order passed by this court.
Various codes and safety standards issued by the AERB, referred to above, mainly deal with siting, design, construction, operation, quality assurance, decommissioning etc.
In view of the doctor's evidence in this case, the Tribunal and the High Court have erroneously taken the extent of permanent disability at 30% and 55% respectively for the calculation of amount towards the loss of future earning capacity.
Bhagwati, J., eruditely explained the principle in the following terms.
In the case on hand, initially, the Commission decided to limit the number of candidates by fixing the norms.
The above knife was recovered by the police on 1.3.2003, in the presence of an independent witness, namely, Rameshbhai Lakhabhai Bhati PW1, who in his deposition clearly narrated, that the knife in question was recovered from Jivi’s field, from under some stones at the instance of the accused-respondent Kishanbhai.
In terms of this Agreement, inter alia a stock of spare parts has to be kept by the dealer.
The formal order in that regard is yet to be passed.
It enables a borrower to make an application in the prescribed form asking the Court to take an account and to declare the amount due to the lender.
Cut off dates, by their very nature, are bound to lead to certain anomalies, but that does not mean that the process of interpretation must be so twisted as to negate both the plain language as well as the object of the amending statute.
Cut off dates, by their very nature, are bound to lead to certain anomalies, but that does not mean that the process of interpretation must be so twisted as to negate both the plain language as well as the object of the amending statute.
The Section permits the court to convict the accused “of the minor offence, though he was not charged with it .
I am 65 yrs. of age.
Thus analysed, IPC, so far as it penalizes any consensual sexual activity between two adults, be it homosexuals (man and a man), heterosexuals (man and a woman) and lesbians (woman and a woman), cannot be regarded as constitutional.
With this object in mind, the Commission recommends certification of poultry farms by the Animal Husbandry Departments of the States, where a distinction of produce obtained from cage free egg farming from that obtained from battery cage farming, is drawn.
I fondly remember your State Visit to India in March this year which gave further momentum to our vibrant relationship.
He even committed offence while he was declared proclaimed offender.
You are the hope of the future.
A Draft Bill on these lines is herewith annexed.
Unlike that for other forms of crime, the punishment here (in so far as the complainant is concerned) is not a means of seeking retribution, but is more a means to ensure payment of money.
Something more than mere animal existence.
I had excellent discussions with the leadership of Bangladesh and also had the opportunity to meet a cross section of society.
Required instructions are issued to offices / departments for achieving the targets prescribed by Rajbhasha Department, Ministry of Home Affairs, Govt. of India under annual programme.
Thus was born the modern Hindu religion.
In other words, a mere disagreement with the decision making process or the decision of the administrative authority is no reason for a constitutional Court to interfere.
There are complains at times that in the absence of adequate publicity/awareness mechanism, the general public is not sensitized about the availability of the affidavits filed by the candidates with the result that the affidavits do not fully serve the intended purpose of enabling the electors to know the background of the candidates so as to enable them to make an informed choice of their representative.
In the present case, the High Court dismissed the appeals and on such dismissal the orders of the Subordinate Judge confirming the sales became effective and the sales became absolute.
Despite growing urbanization, 68 percent of the country’s population still resides in rural areas.
Despite growing urbanization, 68 percent of the country’s population still resides in rural areas.
Let us build this nation together with hard work, sincerity and innovation through the time tested values of the nation.
As a result of the foregoing discussion, the appeal succeeds and is allowed with costs of Rs.25,000/- payable by the respondent to the appellant.
Under the Contract, L-1 Identity Solutions retains the ownership of the biometric software.
Considering the multiplicity of agencies involved in the implementation of National e - Governance Plan (NeGP) and the need for overall aggregation and integration at the national level, it has been decided to implement National e - Governance Plan as a programme, with well - defined roles and responsibilities of each agency involved and to create an appropriate programme management structure and it has already been approved by government.
As such, the Moderator made out a case for raising the age of superannuation of the Bishops, office-bearers and presbyters in CNI.
The Brahmaputra has been declared as the 2nd National Waterways of the country.
For the said purpose, certain relevant factors, as for example, nature of service, the mode and manner of recruitment viz. whether the appointment had been made in accordance with the statutory rules so far as a public sector undertaking is concerned, etc., should be taken into consideration.
In our view, if these violations of Rule 37 are allowed, there shall be substantial leakage of revenue and mining operations cannot be effectively regulated and controlled by the State Government.
In our view, if these violations of Rule 37 are allowed, there shall be substantial leakage of revenue and mining operations cannot be effectively regulated and controlled by the State Government.
Pursuant to cancellation of the allotment by the first respondent vide its letter dated 2nd June, 1993, the first respondent had entered into an agreement dated 23 rd September, 1993 to sell the plot to the deleted 2 nd and 3rd respondents.
Sub-clause (d) thereof stipulates the eventuality where there is a notice of dispute sent by the corporate debtor to the operational creditor.
In the written statement, an objection was taken by the respondent no. 1 that he was not the sole owner of the entire property and did not have the authority to sell the entire house.
Professor Dicey in his treatment of conventions of the Constitution has held that conventions of the Constitution constitutes customs, practices, maxims, and precepts which are not enforced or recognised by the Courts, make up a body not of laws, but of constitutional or political ethics.
In Punjab, you can see news from Kerala or Andhra Pradesh or Tamil Nadu, from language channels which cater to those who hail from these states and vice-versa.
L.J., in Transvaal Lands Company v. New Belgium (Transvaal) Land and Development Company, [1914] 2 Ch. 488, 502 (C.A.), the doctrine rests on such obvious principles good sense that it is difficult to suppose that there could be any system of law in which it would not be found, In Transvaal Land Company's case it was held at page 503 that: 'Where a director of a company has an interest as shareholder in another company or is in a fiduciary position towards, and owes a duty to, another company which is proposing to enter into engagements with the company of which he is a director, he is in our opinion within this rule.
In such cases in which the lessee GPA has applied for conversion of the property, the misuse charges shall be levied up to the date of receipt of complete application for conversion along with all annexure and documents.
At the same time, it is also essential that courts use the power granted to them under of Criminal Procedure, 1973 to grant appropriate compensation to victims in suitable cases.
For this purpose, no child shall be liable to pay any kind of fee or charges or expenses which may prevent him or her from pursuing and completing elementary education.
That takes us to the next submission that Rs.60,000/- were demanded after the marriage for the business of the appellant, and, therefore, it is not a dowry demand.
There was 1 normal Delivery & NIL Caesarean Section on day of assessment.
For this, people will have to come forward and join such initiatives.
Para 95 is reproduced as follows:- category he will be placed in that quota by making necessary adjustments; similarly, if he belongs to open competition (O.C.) category, he will be placed in that category by making necessary adjustments.
The Convention, to which India is a signatory, emphasizes inter alia, securing the best interests of the child, social reintegration of child victims etc.
This is reflected in the complaint and cross-examination of the complainant.
Considered from this point of view, before the right accrued to the appellant to eject the respondents amending Act 33 of 1952 stepped in and deprived him of that right by requiring him to comply with the statutory requirement as to a valid notice which has to be given for ejecting tenants.
We accordingly allow this appeal, set aside the order of the High Court and restore that passed by the Commissioner.
These neutrally desirable goods are described by Rawls as ‘primary social goods’ and may be listed as rights, liberties, powers, opportunities, income, wealth, and the constituents of self- respect.
Discrepancies of this nature which do not go to the root of the matter do not obliterate otherwise acceptable evidence.
When any tax, interest, penalty, fine or any other sum is payable in consequence of any order passed under this Act, the Assessing Officer shall serve upon the assessee a notice of demand in the prescribed form specifying the sum so payable.
Further in course of the testimony, they did not speak anything about the measurement of the floor area where marbles and granites had been used.
Thus when anybody is aggrieved by any judgment, sentence or order including an interlocutory order of the Special Court, no such appeal or revision shall lie to any Court except as provided under sub-Section (1) and (2), meaning thereby only to the High Court.
In our opinion, the High Court was right, both on facts and in law, in rejecting the claim of the appellant in respect of pitching of stones, to the extent of Rs.1,76,199/-.
We must confess that we have some difficulty to understand the exact purport of the above extract.
Apart from making oral submissions Ms. Bhati also gave a written note.
The Secretariat assists in decision-making in Government by ensuring Inter-Ministerial coordination, ironing out differences amongst Ministries/Departments and evolving consensus through the instrumentality of the standing and ad hoc Committees of Secretaries.
In the circumstances, the question for our consideration is whether the High Court was justified in reversing the situation.
In the circumstances, the question for our consideration is whether the High Court was justified in reversing the situation.
At the end of that footnote, as the Court of Appeals observed, the Roth opinion referred to definition of obscenity—material whose predominate appeal is to 'a shameful or morbid interest in nudity, sex, or excretion' and indicated that it perceived no significant difference between that definition and the meaning of obscenity developed in the case law.
The disciplinary inquiry is required to be conducted under Rule 27 of 1955 Rules which does not contemplate appointment of a Presenting Officer.
When he is in duress either because he is held by the investigating agency or other police or allied authority or is under the control of the court having been remanded by judicial order, or having offered himself to the court’s jurisdiction and submitted to its orders by physical presence.
After completion of the training, he alongwith others went back to Dubai.
As his father did not reach home even at 10:00 pm, he called his father’s mobile number and found it to be switched off.
In this regard, we may also take note of the fact that it is admitted by Shri Shetty, learned Senior Counsel appearing for the MUDA that out of remaining 40 acres of land approximately, about 16 acres and 30 gunthas is presently lying vacant and there are encroachers on the remaining land.
That on appreciation of the evidence and considering the material on record and considering the submissions made on behalf of the accused as well as the prosecution, by judgment and order dated 20.12.2007, the learned trial Court acquitted all the accused for the offences for which they were tried.
None of the authorities ever found any shortcoming or inaction on the part of respondent No.2 on this count.
It is submitted by Dr. Dhawan and Mr. Venkataramani, learned senior counsel, that the High Court was not justified in vacating the order of stay on the grounds it has done, for the principle of Order XXXIX Rule 3-A is not applicable when the appellant had prayed for stay and passing of interim orders.
In dealing with the question as to whether the earlier decisions of this Court in the New Jehangir Mills case, (1960) 1 SCR 249 and the Petlad Co. Ltd. case, (1963) Supp.
In this decision, the High Court attempted, through a series of directions, to ensure free flow of water in the catchment areas of Ramgarh Dam (near Jaipur) and through Tala River and Banganga River.
The details of process of manufacture of such sub-assemblies are explained in Annexure-III.
The presence of all the three witnesses as spoken by them is natural and both the courts below held that their evidence inspires confidence.
She applied against the said bifurcated vacancies and was interviewed on 08.01.2001, panel of which was declared on 09.01.2001 and promotion was made on the same day.
In support of the said contention reliance was placed on the decisions of this Court in the case of [4], Nagar Panchayat Kharkhauda v. Yogendra Singh[5] and R.B.I. v. Gopi Nath Sharma[6] wherein the legal position as regards to the payment of back-wages on reinstatement has been well settled by this Court.
Post-mortem report reveals that there were 90% burn injuries on the body of the deceased.
Limited loan facilities.
Always look for information on the food label (given on containers) regarding shelf life and the additives used.
Though this fact is within the knowledge of the first respondent, his agents referred to above and other persons who were working for him in the election on the 12th of April, 2011 at about 8 AM bundles of Annexure A which were kept in the house of the first respondent at Pathapiriyam, within the constituency were taken out from that house in two jeeps bearing Nos KL13-B 3159 and KL10-J 5992 which were seen by two electors, Sri V Arjun aged 31 years, Kottoor House, S/o Narayana Menon, Pathapiriyam Post, Edavanna and C.P. Faizal aged 34 years, S/o Muhammed Cheeniyampurathu Pathapiriyam P.O., who are residing in the very same locality of the first respondent and the jeeps were taken around in various parts of the Eranad Assembly Constituency and Annexure A distributed throughout the constituency from the aforesaid jeeps by the workers and agents of the first respondent at about 8 PM that night.
B. Muralidhar, Sub-Inspector of Police.
The same had to be acted upon.
It is also the claim of the prosecution that the appellant acted as a conduit to Y.S. Jagan Mohan Reddy (A-1) to channelize the bribe amounts paid by other individuals/companies as a quid pro quo for the undue benefits received by him from the Government of Andhra Pradesh led by late Dr. Y.S. Rajasekhara Reddy.
It was, however, found that the special statutes which deal with prevention of ‘vexatious’ litigation are different from those dealing with ‘frivolous’ litigation.
He specifically wrote that he had taken humanitarian approach thinking about family of the Officer and also the fact that the Officer was in the promotion list and, therefore, from his side, the matter ‘stands cleared and my presence in the COI is no longer required/necessary’.
Apart from the above, it is proved on record that on the date of incident, before midnight, the accused took his wife (deceased) to night show of movie.
Section 5-B of the KST Act provides for levy of tax on transfer of property in goods (whether as goods or in some other form) involved in the execution of works contract.
Therefore, the said circumstance was fully established.
Law Reports 24 (internal pages 27 and 28).
The nature of the power under the Act of 2003 and the scope of interference with orders passed by the statutory/ appellate authorities thereunder has been dealt with by this Court in .1, The view expressed in paras 36 to 40 of the report in the said case, quoted below, may require to be specifically noticed.
Any additional expenditure incurred by the State Governments, over and above the ceiling and not falling within the shareable pool, is borne by the State Governments concerned.
The investments made in education bore fruits in the early 2000s with the state witnessing a remarkable growth- taking advantage of both its highly skilled and educated people and the opening up of the Indian economy to a fast globalizing world.
The Disciplinary Committee did not agree with the reasons adduced by the Inquiry Officer but nonetheless was of the view that the Appellant should be exonerated.
The inventory of the said articles was prepared and they were seized.
Now coming to the evidence of the informant (PW-1), his evidence is that he knows all the accused.
If the post of CEO in the organization falls vacant in view of the urgency of either temporary appointment can be made or in charge arrangement can be made for temporary period, but the same power could not have been conferred upon the Chairman as the Chairman is required to supervise and control the function of officers of the Board as well as in the Organization and, therefore, his appointment as CEO by way of an alternative arrangement is contrary to Clause 5 of the Scheme.
The object of the Cable Act, 1995 as indicated in the preamble is to regulate the operation of cable television networks in the country and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto.
Pay the requisite application fee.
However, to give it the benefit of doubt, it is possible that Tamil Nadu was also in a state of confusion.
The cultural or social environment of any country encompasses language, religion, customs, traditions and beliefs, tastes and preferences, social stratification, social institutions, etc.
Certain incidental questions raised by the first respondent are required to be answered at this stage.
Of course, this discretion has to be examined objectively keeping in mind the nature and gravity of charge.
In the matter of appointments, principles relating to pendency of criminal case and initiation of departmental proceedings will not be applicable.
This ensures a unity of direction in management.
The objective of AWES is to provide quality education at affordable cost to wards of Army personnel.
Learned senior counsel further submitted that the judgment and order passed by the Division Bench of the High Court dated 06.05.2008 should be set aside and that of the learned single Judge dated 12.12.2005 be restored.
Coming to the next point which was canvassed by the learned counsel for the appellant is that P.W.3 stated to have received the reliable information on 29.11.2011 at about 10.30 p.m. that some persons were to transport ganja (cannabis) from Digapahandi to Berhampur and he stated to have intimated the fact to his higher authority i.e. the Deputy Commissioner of Excise, Berhampur and as per the instruction of his authority, he proceeded with his staff on patrolling duty to work out the information.
We shall refer to them in the next chapter (Chapter III).
Accordingly, we modify the sentence to this limited extent.
If we look to Explanation (3) which specifies who the associates referred to in clause (d) are, the matter becomes clearer.
As a precautionary measure, a notice should be sent to the allottee/officer/employee concerned under Section 4 of the PP Act three months prior to the date of his/her retirement giving advance intimation to vacate the premises.
The views expressed and the orders passed hereinabove may once again be recapitulated as follows :- (1) Civil Appeal No. 3646 of 2011 is allowed only for declaration of law without interfering with the sale of the secured assets which has not been challenged by Pegasus.
Since as per the Act, information can be furnished only to citizens of India, you will have to give your citizen status as well.
I take this opportunity to convey to you my best wishes for your personal well-being and for the progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Bolivia.
According to Dr. Ambedkar in his closing speech in the Constituent Assembly, the principles of liberty, equality and fraternity are not to be treated as separate entities but in a trinity.
For its drafters, to ignore, to forget or to depreciate the rights of man are the sole causes of public misfortune and government corruption.
Tariff Order, 2017 (hereinafter referred to as the “Tariff Order ) dated 3.3.2017 made under the , 1997 (hereinafter referred to as the “ ).
Assuming there is a defect or an omission in the words used by the legislature the Court could not go to its aid to correct or make up the deficiency.
The appellant moved the Court for urgent consideration of the matter on 22nd December, 2017 before the Vacation Bench of this Court when notice came to be issued.
We therefore, consider it appropriate to issue the following requirements to be followed in all cases of arrest or detention till legal provisions are made in that behalf as preventive measures: (1) The police personnel carrying out the arrest and handling the interrogation of the arrestee should bear accurate, visible and clear identification and name togs with their designations.
We further award that Sellers shall forthwith pay to Buyers the sum of £ 4,340.00 (four thousand three hundred and forty pounds sterling only), being the fees and expenses of Arbitration 11715A.
The State Government, as well as Authorities under the BDA Act, are supposed to cater to the need of the planned development which is a mandate enjoined upon them and also binding on them.
65) While considering the common charge, namely, conspiracy, the Designated Court has recorded a finding that there is no evidence on record to establish that the recovered contraband was smuggled by Tiger Memon and his associates.
This submission was also advanced before the lower appellate court.
The appellant thereupon filed a writ petition bearing No.2473/1996 before the High Court on 15.4.1996 to challenge that part of the appellate order which upheld the order of eviction.
It is so because curtailment of an author’s right to freedom of expression is a matter of serious concern.
Although, in the prayers to the Writ Petition, one of the reliefs prayed for was for quashing the provisions of the entire Act, Mr. Saurabh Prakash ultimately urged that some of the provisions thereof were such as could be segregated and struck down so as to preserve the Act as a whole.
Although, in the prayers to the Writ Petition, one of the reliefs prayed for was for quashing the provisions of the entire Act, Mr. Saurabh Prakash ultimately urged that some of the provisions thereof were such as could be segregated and struck down so as to preserve the Act as a whole.
However, when one looks at the manner in which the directives dated 04.08.2006 and 04.12.2006 of the Supreme Court have been implemented one cannot help but feel that there is the absence of a bridge mechanism within the Ministry to ensure and oversee that directives of the Courts are complied with due diligence and seriousness.
There is undoubtedly a distinction between a statutory obligation and a constitutional obligation but there can be no doubt that the right to food is actually a constitutional right and not merely a statutory right.
Variable Pay upto 100% of Fixed pay subject to performance and as may be approved by the Board on yearly basis.
In answer to Shri Rohatgi’s argument on the object of the 2012 , according to the learned Attorney General, it is well settled that where the language of the Act is plain, no recourse can be taken to the object of the Act and he cited a number of judgments for this proposition.
This amount shall be paid regularly at every month to the complainant society till the occupancy certificate is obtained and conveyance deed is executed in favour of the Society.
It would be wholly arbitrary — in a situation like this — to deny her the right to evict the tenant.
A-3, Akshay, in his statement under CrPC, has admitted that he was working with Ram Singh in the bus, Ex. P-1, as a helper.
They would be pending in criminal courts only if the boy had crossed 16 years or girl had crossed 18 years.
They would be pending in criminal courts only if the boy had crossed 16 years or girl had crossed 18 years.
Equality of citizens' rights is one of the fundamental pillars on which the edifice of the rule of law rests.
A perusal of the above indicates that the High Court really gave no reason for denying the refund of the excess royalty paid by TISCO.
Shri Bhagwan Chand (PW.12), ASI, the Investigating Officer, has deposed that after recording the statement of the father of the prosecutrix on 17.5.1995, he had taken her father to Kurukshetra to search for the prosecutrix alongwith one constable.
The plaintiff also filed a notice of objection against the defendant 's trademark application seeking registration of the trademark' Zoloft '.
Shri Khurshid has also challenged the constitution of disciplinary committee.
UK: In UK, according to Rule 58.1(2) of the Civil Procedure Rules, a ‘commercial claim’ is defined as follows: “Rule 58.1(2): In this Part and its practice direction, ‘commercial claim’ means any claim arising out of the transaction of trade and commerce and includes any claim relating to — (a) abusiness document or contract; (b) the export or import of goods; (c) the carriage of goods by land, sea, air or pipeline; (d) the exploitation of oil and gas reserves or other natural resources; (e) insurance and reinsurance; (f) banking and financial services; (g) the operation of markets and exchanges; (h) 06 purchase and sale of commodities; (i) the construction of ships; (j) business agency; and (k) arbitration.  USA: (1) Supreme Court, Monroe County, NY State: (Nov. 20, 2000) Guidelines applicable for assignment of cases to the Commercial Division, Supreme Court, Civil Bench, Monroe County in the State of New York, state that the said Division will entertain complex commercial and business disputes in which a party seeks compensatory damages totaling $ 25,000 or more, exclusive of punitive damages, costs, and attorney fees; and exclusive of any non-commercial claims, non-commercial cross-claims, or non- commercial counter-claims.
It carries information about job vacancies in Central / State Government departments, public sector undertakings, educational institutions and reputed private organisations.
The marriage which is alleged to have been performed is a sham and is of no consequence in the eye of law.
An entrepreneur may grow its business either by internal expansion or by external expansion.
Recalling that media industry is still an upcoming sector unlike the press industry, which is as ancient as our independence itself, the scope for potential policies in future cannot be overruled.
Recalling that media industry is still an upcoming sector unlike the press industry, which is as ancient as our independence itself, the scope for potential policies in future cannot be overruled.
A few of them, referred to infra, are enough to indicate the progression of the case.
In its written submissions, the Monitoring Committee noted that the petitioners before us had made massive encroachments in the catchment areas of Ramgarh Dam.
Such property or security can be given or even agreed to be given.
Admittedly, the attesting witnesses of the two Wills are different and, therefore, in the second petition, it would be altogether different evidence which would be led.
The Secretary of the District Legal Services Committee will also look into the issue of the release of undertrial prisoners in compoundable offences, the effort being to effectively explore the possibility of compounding offences rather than requiring a trial to take place.
This time also, the accused demanded 10 gold sovereigns and cash of Rs.10,000/- to purchase manure, but the parents of the deceased could not fulfill this demand due to their financial difficulties.
This time also, the accused demanded 10 gold sovereigns and cash of Rs.10,000/- to purchase manure, but the parents of the deceased could not fulfill this demand due to their financial difficulties.
That the plot at Saini Enclave was sold for Rs.6 lakhs.
Identity Card (with Photo) issued by ICAI, ICWAI, ICSI, Bar Council etc.
Amidst the blue waters and tall coconut trees, this beach appears to be the perfect site for fun and enjoyment.
Information is provided about the institution, chairman, judges, members, faculty, administrative staff, judicial education and academic calendar etc.
We may note the golden rule of evidence that ‘men may tell a lie, but the circumstances do not’, which is squarely applicable in this case at hand.
India and Thailand have deep rooted ties spread over centuries that have blossomed into a robust and contemporary relationship.
In appeal, the High Court took note of the fact that there was no direct evidence to implicate the accused and the minor omissions or contradictions and discrepancies which had been highlighted by the defence did not create any kind of dent in the prosecution version; that ample explanation had been offered by the prosecution for not getting the dying declaration recorded as the deceased was lying on the road side and could not be taken to a hospital; and that there was no reason to disbelieve the oral dying declaration, and the same being absolutely credible, the judgment and conviction rendered by the learned trial Judge did not warrant any interference.
Jhaua left the field with a threat to Jaswant Singh that he will return with his father to settle the scores.
About Tea Board Tea is one of the industries, which by an Act of Parliament comes under the control of the Union Govt.
Therefore, in view of the above, we hold that the appellant was actively involved in the conspiracy to cause blasts in Bombay and in consequence of the said involvement he has committed the offences for which he has been charged and we are not inclined to interfere with the conviction and sentence awarded by the Designated Court.
We are in agreement with the above analysis.
On the passing away of Sir Ashutosh, Michael Sadler wrote ‘In Ashutosh Mookerjee, India has lost one of her greatest men; the world, one of its commanding personalities.
Whilst the overall grading in the ACRs will have its relevance, however, in order to have a final view, it will be essential to carefully peruse and assess all the individual attributes/columns in the ACRs like, Work Performance, Targets Achieved, Supervision, Managerial capabilities, personality traits etc.
To this extent, the choice of the electorate will be more correctly reflected when EVMs are used.
Unfortunately, in W.P. No.39279 of 2005, the second respondent, in spite of the reasoned positive direction dated 12.12.2003 of the learned Judge of this Court, rejected the request of the petitioner.
Finding that the said temple is a public temple, it was further held that during certain religious ceremonies, persons other than Gowda Saraswath Brahmins had been wholly excluded, as a result of which, the temple was held to be a religious denomination within the meaning of The Court then found that if an image becomes defiled or if there is any departure or violation of any of the rules relating to worship, as a result of entry of certain persons into the temple, an essential religious practice can be said to have been affected.
Two others are ranked within the top 20 young universities in the world.
It is hereby declared that the salary, allowances and pension payable to or in Expenditure to be respect of the Lokayukta or the Up-Lokayuktas, the charged on expenditure relating to their staff and office and other consolidated expenditure in respect of the implementation of this Act shall be expenditure charged on the Consolidated Fund of the State of Uttar Pradesh.
Judge Rathi has stated that at Dande hospital, time was wasted because the nodes of the ECG machine were broken and the machine was not working.
A person shall not be qualified for appointment as a special Judge under this Act unless he is or has been a Sessions Judge or an Additional Sessions Judge or an Assistant Sessions Judge under of Criminal Procedure, 1973 (2 of 1974).
A welfare State can ill afford to ignore the claims of such persons, who have tendered resignation wholly due to medical grounds or personal reasons, but not for taking up an alternative assignment.
Having heard the Attorney General and the counsel appearing for the different private tour operators, we approve the policy presented by the Attorney General with some slight modifications.
This power is absolute and unconditional and in the absence of any valid compelling reasons, it must be given its full effect according to its plain and express intention.
This power is absolute and unconditional and in the absence of any valid compelling reasons, it must be given its full effect according to its plain and express intention.
Moreover, the reiteration by the witnesses, that the crowd comprised of men, women and children, by itself is sufficient, to infer that the neighbours and co-villagers were not aiming at causing any harm or injury to the accused-appellant or the co-accused.
A plea pertaining to the bar of limitation has been consistently held by the Supreme Court and followed by High Courts, as one giving rise to the issue of jurisdiction.
A plea pertaining to the bar of limitation has been consistently held by the Supreme Court and followed by High Courts, as one giving rise to the issue of jurisdiction.
The 12 digit Aadhaar number is not given by UIDAI to alter the identity of the individual.
The gullibility and vulnerability of the four year girl, who could not have nurtured any idea about the maladroitly designed biological desires of this nature, went with the uncle who extinguished her life spark.
The High Court being the first appellate Court was required to independently reappraise the entire material, record the conclusions supported by cogent reasons.
The High Court being the first appellate Court was required to independently reappraise the entire material, record the conclusions supported by cogent reasons.
After the event is over, the exclusive footage is made available as' video on demand '.
The position in law, particularly of the Evidence Act was completely overlooked by the High Court making it arrive at a perverse conclusion in law.
In other words, this Court was of the view that punishment should be rehabilitative and humanizing and, therefore, need not necessarily be retributive in character.
The victim, who is otherwise innocent, is lured into committing a crime on the assurance of absolute secrecy and confidentiality of the circumstances raising the potential question as to how such a victim can be held responsible for the crime which he would not have committed but for the enticement.
This may lead to a scenario where the Government monopolies are replaced by even more vicious private monopolies or cartels in the absence of adequate regulation, enforcement and recourse to grievance redress.
The seven themes of this conference – issues of access, agricultural development, urbanisation, infrastructure growth, energy security, governance of water and natural resource management – have immense demonstrative value for showing a less resource-intensive growth path.
Thereafter, the prosecutrix VW - PW6 was subjected to medico-legal examination by Dr. Kanta Dhankar-PW1 on 29.3.1993 itself at 3.00 p.m. Dr. Kanta Dhankar-PW1, in her independent testimony, affirmed that she had been subjected to sexual intercourse, inasmuch as her hymen was found ruptured.
Anitha Shenoy, Advocate-on-Record for the State of Karnataka and the Director of Mines and Geology.
The compromise arrived at between the parties is accepted.
The Tribunal as well as the High Court, on considering the compromise decree passed and the records thereof, have on facts concluded that the parties to the decree did not obtain leave of the court and did not give notice to other persons who were interested in the suit, i.e., members of the Pattakal family, as required under Order XXIII Rule 3B.
When he returned from the said place, and while he had been waiting near the Nepali Mandir, Apin Dulal (PW.1) and Gulzar Ali (PW.3) had asked him whether he had seen one Sima Khatoon, and thus, he had taken them to the place where Sima Khatoon had been lying.
If either of the parties is residing in the area of another Marriage Officer, a copy of the notice should be sent to him for similar publication.
The learned Judge, Special Court, had passed order on an application of custodian which was set aside by this Court by remitting back the matter to Special Court with some directions.
The High Court has held that the finding which was given by the Arbitral Tribunal, after taking into consideration the rival contentions raised in the claim and in the written statement on this aspect is a finding of fact which was given after examining the material on record.
Paying capacity and the amount which may act as deterrent to prevent further damage is also well recognised.
In this background, it has to be held that the prior approval, required by , of the appropriate Government is not just a formality; it is a condition precedent to the exercise of the power of acquisition by the appropriate Government for a housing scheme of a co-operative society.
These witnesses were all neighbours of the appellants.
The letter dated 29.01.2000 went on to state that he is challenging the partial termination of the contract and enclosing a list of payments due for the work, which, at that point of time, amounted to a sum of Rs.88.06 lakhs.
In the said car, there were also some other persons.
When it appears to the court that there is apparent overlapping between the two entries the doctrine of “pith and substance  has to be applied to find out the true nature of a legislation and the entry within which it would fall.
The financial requirements of the business are often met by raising loans.
He placed reliance on a decision of this Court in the case of (supra) wherein the court held that for the offence under IPC which is punishable with imprisonment upto ten years, the chargesheet was required to be filed within sixty days.
Dr. Singhvi also stated that it is clear, from Forms 3 and 5, that only a person authorized to act on behalf of the operational creditor can send the notice and/or sign the application.
By using bharatpetroleum. com, the user agrees to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
The Assistant Public Prosecutor filed an application averring that the facts of the case clearly showed that it was indicating a commercial transaction between parties but the same had culminated into a criminal offence.
The submission that he had served for 16 long years and, therefore, his case should be considered sympathetically does not appeal to this Court.
The submission that he had served for 16 long years and, therefore, his case should be considered sympathetically does not appeal to this Court.
Meanwhile, in 1909, the British Government announced certain reforms in the structure of Government in India which are known as Morley - Minto Reforms.
As pointed out by Best in 'Law of Evidence', the presumption of innocence is no doubt presumption juris; but everyday practice shows that it may be successfully encountered by the presumption of guilt arising from circumstances, though it may be a presumption of fact.
There is no gainsaying that most of such persons who entered the public service initially without going through any open competitive selection process would have lost by passage of time their prospects of entering public service by legal course even if vacancies were available for such appointments.
There is no gainsaying that most of such persons who entered the public service initially without going through any open competitive selection process would have lost by passage of time their prospects of entering public service by legal course even if vacancies were available for such appointments.
Shri K. Parasaran, learned senior counsel appearing for the petitioners has submitted that the issues arising in the case stand squarely covered by the pronouncement of the Constitution Bench in Seshammal (supra).
In that view of the matter, we are of the opinion that the application under has rightly been rejected by the Tribunal and do not deserve further consideration.
The President said a strong inter-linkage between industry and academia is a critical component for developing the educational and industrial eco-systems.
If we peruse the testimony of Kishan Kumar, in his examination - in - chief, he has categorically stated that along with his father he removed his brother to GTB Hospital.
It may also be proved by internal evidence afforded by the contents of the document.
The National Commission has observed, and rightly so, that such a plea was not specifically raised before the State Commission at the earliest opportunity; and the State Commission having already decided the matter on merits, such a technical objection as regards pecuniary jurisdiction could not have been countenanced before the National Commission.
Nehru’s policy of non - alignment did not mean equidistance or isolationism.
Mr. K.K. Venugopal and others, appearing for the other side, had tried to demonstrate that the aforesaid submission of the learned counsel for the appellant was totally erroneous and contrary to records.
No content rights owner or holder and no television or radio broadcasting service provider shall carry a live television broadcast on any cable or Direct-to-Home network or radio commentary broadcast in India of sporting events of national importance, unless it simultaneously shares the live broadcasting signal, without its advertisements, with the Prasar Bharati to enable them to re-transmit the same on its terrestrial networks and Direct-to-Home networks in such manner and on such terms and conditions as may be specified.
The authorised foreign adoption agency, or Central Authority, or the concerned Government department, as the case may be, shall ensure the submission of progress reports about the child in the adoptive family and will be responsible for making alternative arrangement in the case of any disruption, in consultation with Authority and concerned Indian diplomatic mission, in the manner as provided in the adoption regulations framed by the Authority.
There should be meeting of minds between the proposer and the persons to be consulted on the subject of consultation.
Indisputably, civil liberties and rights of citizens must be upheld.
The details of the preconditions and the R&R plans have already been noticed and would not require a repetition.
No such provision exists in the English law.
He attended conspiratorial meetings during the month of March 1993 at the residence of Babloo @ Nazir Anwar Shaikh and Mobina @ Baya Musa Bhiwandiwala (A-96) for making plans to commit terrorist act.
It was also for the sake of saving precious time of this Court, that we decided to bear the brunt and the rhetoric, of some of the learned Senior Counsel representing the petitioner.
The effect of this provision is merely to liberate the State laws from the fetter placed on them by and to enable such laws to operate on their own terms.
The agreement stipulated that Millenium Wires shall provide STC with margin money as advance of 25% of the value of Letter of Credit to be opened by STC (clause 4 of the Agreement) along with 25% cash advance and a post dated cheque 102.5% of the value of consignment in favour of STC along with an undertaking.
The Legislature in its wisdom has left the power undefined.
The inquiry officer gave his findings holding the petitioner guilty of the charges.
In default the insurer shall be allowed to recover that amount (which the insurer is directed to pay to the claimant third parties) from the insured person.
We are thus left unconvinced by the defence plea of want of identification of the abductors including the appellants.
An obvious error of law was committed by Bar Council of India in dismissing the election petition of Shri Sunil Gupta.
On the contrary, for the reasons given, it seems to me that by their agreement the parties have chosen English law as the law to govern their arbitration proceedings, while contractually importing from the those provisions of that Act which are concerned with the internal conduct of their arbitration and which are not inconsistent with the choice of English arbitral procedural law.
We are pursuing a high growth strategy to make India a front-ranking nation in the world.
Till this is done, foreign court judgments in domestic matters will keep cropping up and courts in India will continue with their salutary efforts in interpreting them in harmony with the Indian laws and doing substantial justice to parties in the most fair and equitable way.
The Model Policy inter alia made general provisions relating to liquor vends.
Therefore, the Department is right in its contention that under the above situation there exists a service PE in India (MSAS).
At the outset, the respondent no. 4 has drawn the attention of the Court to the history of Kerala in general and Sabarimala in particular and has highlighted the existence of stone inscriptions which state that the priest Kantaru Prabhakaru had made an idol consecration at Sabarimala years back and after the rampage of fire at Sabarimala, it was Kantaru Shankaru who consecrated the existing idol in Sabarimala.
A lot of effort has gone into your success, especially of your teachers, family, friends and well - wishers.
Firstly, the Section is attracted even though an Award has not been made which, it appears to us, clearly indicates that the completion of this exercise has not been obliterated or dispensed with but has been merely deferred.
On behalf of the petitioner and some of the States, a question has been raised before us that contractors have responded to the notices for tender in consortium.
I compliment the Netaji Research Bureau for its strenuous efforts to promote research into the life and contribution of Netaji as well as the various activities it organises to commemorate important events associated with Netaji.
Under Cr.P.C, the Magistrate, taking cognizance of an offence on a complaint, shall examine upon oath the complainant and the witnesses, if any, present and the substance of such examination should be reduced to writing and the same shall be signed by the complainant, the witnesses and the Magistrate.
The point that | wish to emphasise is that like the Directive Principles, which are Fundamental in the governance of the country, it is likely to take substantial time in evolving consensus in finding a compromise formula to the language problem facing our country, but the delay should not be regarded as very startling or disastrous for the implementation of the Constitutional provisions.
Now put the foundations under them.
The selection board, itself, had rejected the eligibility of the second appellant.
Step - 14: Full ticket details will appear before you. If details are OK then click on Make Payment button.
It may be added that the framework and parameters of the law are also required to be taken into consideration.
On compliance, the contemnors be released forthwith and the amount deposited be released to S.E.B.I.
C/O AFCAO, where unit copy of service documents of ARC deputationists are held.
A sweeping up-gradation of India’s higher education sector calls for deepening of private sector involvement.
It was held that it is not open to another defendant to challenge the decree insofar as it is against deities.
It was held that it is not open to another defendant to challenge the decree insofar as it is against deities.
Against the judgment of the trial court dated 29.02.2012, accused, the complainant and the State filed appeals.
We would hesitate to narrow down their scope.
We would hesitate to narrow down their scope.
It carries out sales of publications through its own sale outlets located at important cities as well as through the agents.
In other matters relating to the employees of other institutions/entities no orders were passed and those matters were simply tagged with the matters pertaining to the Society.
The argument of public policy pressed by the respondents is of no avail.
However, to be fair to the learned Attorney-General, it was submitted that if necessary a Registrar in the Supreme Court may be appointed as the convenor, but with respect that is not at all an answer to the issue raised.
In the absence of such consideration, the findings of fact recorded by the Co-operative Tribunal and by the High Court, are bound to be considered as perverse.
It is, however, true that in the above case this Court was not concerned with the issue which has arisen in the present case and the Court was concerned with a different controversy.
In comparison, India has a rate of less than 0.2 donors per one million population.
It is a local problem, but one capable of much wider mischief, for as long as caste in India does exist, Hindus will hardly intermarry or have any social intercourse with outsiders; and if Hindus migrate to other regions on earth, Indian caste would become a world problem .
We are of the view that, in academic matters, unless there is a clear violation of statutory provisions, the Regulations or the Notification issued, the Courts shall keep their hands off since those issues fall within the domain of the experts.
On the same day, the directors nominated by Shri L.N. Mittal, through Fraseli, resigned from the board of KSS Global.
The 'Emergency Principle' or the 'Principle of Necessity' has to be given effect to only when it is not practicable to obtain the patient's consent for treatment and his/her life is in danger.
Top international universities including Harvard, Yale and Stanford are the result of private sector efforts.
A-1 had visited her in May, 2003 and stayed with her for 15 days.
No doubt there are anonymity procedures even for defence witnesses also in some countries such as in sec. 13B(2) of the New Zealand Evidence Act, 1908 as amended in 1997 (see the Annexure to the Consultation Paper).
Learned senior counsel pointed out, that over the years, yet another stratagem was adopted by the Parliament, for avoiding judicial interference in the working of the Parliament.
The promotion of full, fair and accurate reporting of court proceedings; The principle of an open court is a significant procedural dimension of the broader concept of open justice.
Mr. Ganesh is right in stating that in cases of this nature it would not be possible to go only by the treatment of such subscriptions in the hands of accounts of the assessee itself.
Mr. Ganesh is right in stating that in cases of this nature it would not be possible to go only by the treatment of such subscriptions in the hands of accounts of the assessee itself.
He described the Indian Constitution as a living document which is operationalized every day through statecraft and pointed out how India has been empowering people through the Right to Information, Right to Education and Right to Food which was a tremendous responsibility the Government will have to shoulder.
The 'Cadbury Committee' was set up in May 1991 with a view to overcome the huge problems of scams and failures occurring in the corporate sector worldwide in the late 1980s and the early 1990s.
Given this thicket of statutory law made by the legislature of U.P., we have heard learned counsel on either side.
No.2 issued summons to the appellant.
In 2007 alone, India placed around 14. 75 lakh cases on DOTS, more than any country in a single year in the world.
We may only state that if a application is admitted in favour of an allottee, and if the management of the corporate debtor is in fact a strong and stable one, nothing debars the same erstwhile management from offering a resolution plan, subject to Section 29A of the Code, which may well be accepted by the Committee of Creditors in which home buyers now have a voice.
The Untapped Potential of the Mandela Constitution , Public Law (2017), at page 395 PART P the Constitution to liberty and freedom.
Along with the criminal appeal, the appellant has filed an application praying that he may be permitted to urge additional grounds and bring on record additional documents.
This conclusion has been affirmed by the impugned Appeal Award No. 3782 by the Board of Appeal, GAFTA.
Thus, it is not open to the appellants to challenge the said procedure adopted by the respondents after writing the examination.
In this view of the matter I hold, that the land in dispute is decidedly land as defined in the Abolition Act and the plaintiff not being in the personal cultivation of such land, the entire of it has vested in the State Government under section 27 of the Act.
Such a challenge cannot be entertained from the back door by merely alleging that corrigendum/ amendments/corrections to the IREM be issued.
Accordingly, the enactments made in the States of Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu will remain unaffected by the impugned Regulations.
That’s not all.
It is made clear that any complaint with regard to professional misconduct can be brought before the appropriate Medical Council for Disciplinary action.
In an advisory dated 21 May 2014, MoRTH stated that in 2012, 1.38 lakh people were killed in 4.9 lakh road accidents.
Contention of the respondent-contractor is that the appellant- Board has not raised the issue of absence of arbitration agreement before the Tribunal and the jurisdiction of the Arbitral Tribunal.
The functions of the Ministers legally will be only to aid and advice the Governor.
This Court took the view that the abolition of the posts of part-time village officers in the State of Andhra Pradesh was a completed event and therefore irreversible.
Terminal servers will be used to host application centrally. All the servers will reside in CRIS data centre in high availability mode.
What I do, I understand.
By the said award, the arbitral tribunal has the power to impose an interest for the post-award period which may be higher or lower than the rate as prescribed under clause (b).
Appellant Satnam Singh is directed to surrender to serve the remaining period of sentence, failing which, he shall be taken into custody.
Supposing that, on the extinction of the title of a person having a limited interest, a right to enter might arise in favour of a remainderman or a reversioner, the present case has no resemblance to that.
The fact that accused No. 6 did not make similar disclosure about disposal of dead body of Raman, as made by accused No. 2 and 3, cannot absolve him.
Mere words can 't express the breathtaking beauty of Bhimunipatnam beach.
Aggrieved by the said order, respondent-company filed an appeal being Criminal Appeal No. 578 of 2002 before the High Court of Judicature, Andhra Pradesh at Hyderabad.
On being noticed by the National Commission, the appellant filed a written statement to contest the complaint.
However, it was subject to the condition that the appellant should make an investment in the sum of Rs.111 crores in order to enable itself to claim the benefit of the aforesaid notification.
The High Court has taken a very peculiar view that the plaintiff-appellant filed the suit which was premature.
But in rainy season this practice should be avoided.
The person paying the tax, according to the learned counsel, is not relevant for the aforesaid purpose.
Their Lordships have reviewed all the cases bearing on the subject and after a detailed discussion have finally put the controversy to rest that the persons who claimed the parity should satisfy the court that the conditions are identical and equal and same duties are being discharged by them.
Their Lordships have reviewed all the cases bearing on the subject and after a detailed discussion have finally put the controversy to rest that the persons who claimed the parity should satisfy the court that the conditions are identical and equal and same duties are being discharged by them.
It would become an attractive clause only if the Engineers concerned permitted the appellant to misutilise the grain by selling the food grain by the contractor in the open market.
In the said Board meeting, a follow up decision was taken to allot bonus shares at the ratio of 60 bonus shares for every fully paid up preference and equity share held.
We are concerned with today’s rights and not yesterday’s.
Learned counsel for the State of Kerala states that one SCIC and four SIC are functioning.
In view of what we have observed above, we are of the opinion that the amount received as leave encashment and overtime wages is not fit to be included for calculating 15% of the Hill Development Allowance.
Thus, the findings of the learned Designated Court do not require any interference.
This Court noted that Special Leave Petition (Civil)No.13623 of 2017 seeking similar relief was already pending.
This Court noted that Special Leave Petition (Civil)No.13623 of 2017 seeking similar relief was already pending.
Few of them raised the apprehension that it might repeat accidents like the one that had happened at Three Miles Island, Chernobyl, Union Carbide and Fukushima etc.
To protect plants from pest attacks, he used leaves of different plants.
India has the second largest diaspora in the world.
However, we find substance in the submission of the learned senior counsel appearing for the respondent that such a realisation dawned only after coming to know that the respondent was also in the reckoning for appointment to the post of DGMS (Army) and he was the senior most officer.
It is unbelievable that A-4 was present by chance but he had an active participation in the commission of the offence.
For instance, from February 2004 training is being provided under the project “Establishment of Seritechnology Complex for Women , at the Central Sericultural Research & Training Institute, Mysore with the financial assistance from Department of Biotechnology.
What is required is sameness of interest.
What is required is sameness of interest.
Hence, this appeal by the appellants.
To perform this duty effectively, the Courts must have the power to enforce their orders 45 In re: C. S. Karnan (supra).
I expect that the Government of India 's National Mission on Teachers and Training will address all these urgent priorities and the related issues in a holistic manner.
For Malayalis within the state - and more than 30 lakh who are spread across the world, I am sure that this sammelan will provide a platform to share experiences, hopes and aspirations.
As per the provisions of unamended , the petitioner could continue only upto December 26, 2016 as he had completed 62 years of age on that date though he had not completed five years of term as the Presiding Officer.
He has always rejected the politics of power and opted for the politics of commitment to democratic values and social change.
The Appellants, in the present case, had participated in the selection, but were unsuccessful in getting appointed.
He deposed that on 4/6/2012 he went to Crime Branch Kurla and at that time police disclosed to him about murder of his nilegaonkar 40/89 Confirmation Case No. 3 of 2018.final.doc son.
During the pendency of the Anticipatory Bail Application being No.518 of 2009, the parties amicably settled all their disputes before Jharkhand Legal Services Authority.
From the past practices, it can be seen that the foreign law firms are carrying on consultancy/support services in the field of protection and management of business and industrial proprietary rights, and carrying out market survey and market research.
In such a case the accused can wait till the prosecution evidence is over and then to show that the prosecution has failed to make out the said offence against him.
Learned counsel for the appellant has submitted that the sentence imposed by the High Court is wholly inadequate looking to the nature of the offence.
In the writ petitions filed by them, the appellants highlighted the discrimination practiced against them.
The High Court, in regard to the said statement, gets over previous statement proved though Officer by stating that the statement was not given by the witness and that she was a girl of 13 years and further stated that her deposition in court inspires confidence.
Scrutiny of and concurrence to foreign deputation proposals of officers of Department of Economic Affairs including obtaining the approval of Screening Committee of Secretaries through Department of Expenditure.
Building Rent Certificate provided through a competent authority and the copy of Property Tax paid.
India is traditionally a maize importer, and Govt. permits a fixed quantity (determined each year) to be imported at 15%.
We need to take social, economic, religious and psychological aspects into consideration.
The Chief Information Commissioner or an Information Commissioner shall not be a Member of Parliament or Member of the Legislature of any State or Union Territory, as the case may be, or hold any other office of profit or connected with any political party or carrying on any business or pursuing any profession.
Under the aforesaid instruction, the crucial date is the date of filing of the appeal.
Rule 8 provides for minimum educational qualification for driving transport vehicles which is 8th standard.
To strengthen our share in global trade, procedures will be simplified and trade infrastructure strengthened so as to reduce transaction time and costs.
Referring to Section 8 of the NTT Act it was pointed out, that a Member of the NTT is provided with a tenure of five years, from the date of his appointment as Member of the NTT.
The accused in custody can be put under tremendous psychological pressure by cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment.
To consider the question as to the circumstances in which bail can be granted on the ground of delayed proceedings when a person is in custody, notice was also issued to learned Attorney General and Mr. Siddharth Luthra, Senior Advocate was appointed Amicus Curiae.
This Court also directed that no mining would be permitted in areas for which a notification under Sections 4 and 5 of the PLP Act has been issued in regulating the breaking up of the land etc.
The instrumental value of procedures should not be underestimated; the accurate application of authoritative standards is, as Galligan clearly explains, an important aspect of treating someone with respect.
As Yoga and Ayurveda are complimentary to each other - and the practice of Yoga can increase the beneficial effects of Ayurveda – a combination of yoga and ayurveda can go along way in giving good health and preventing disease.
For instance, higher level students can be assigned to teach in government schools located nearby.
Representing their identity, based on sexual orientation, to the world at large and asserting it in their relationship with the community and the state is stated to be intrinsic to the free exercise of speech and expression guaranteed by the Constitution.
In these circumstances, it is by no means unusual for an Arbitral Tribunal to hold meetings - or even hearings - in a place other than the designated place of arbitration, either for its own convenience or for the convenience of the parties or their witnesses....
However, `5 banknotes were re - introduced in 2001 to bridge the gap between demand and supply of coins in this denomination.
And the meeting of the re - constituted Committee was convened on 10th September, 2007 under the chairmanship of Hon 'ble Minister for State for Forests & Wildlife.
Implementation of Official language policy of the Union in the offices of Central Government / Undertakings / Banks / Insurance Companies / Corporations / Boards etc and publicity and propagation of Hindi as official language is the responsibility of the Department of Official Language, Ministry of Home Affairs.
Thus, the court will decline to refer the parties to arbitration only if it finds that the arbitration agreement is null and void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.
In an answer, the counsel for the CBI submitted that although ex- facie it appears that the case against A-112 is of dereliction of duty and negligence, a closer scrutiny of the entire evidence on record would show that the appellant had a connection and understanding with the smugglers in order to facilitate a safe passage to them.
In the event of this Court not acceding to the aforementioned prayers, a challenge in the alternative, has been raised to various provisions of the NTT Act, which has led to the constitution of the National Tax Tribunal (hereinafter referred to as, the NTT).
The proceedings themselves emanate from an order passed by the District Magistrate on 12 August 2011 seeking to recover dues from the petitioner on the allegation of misappropriation and wrongful use of government funds.
Similarly, it is of the essence of the judicial function that the Courts should determine issues of law arising from legislation and delegated legislation.
Similarly, it is of the essence of the judicial function that the Courts should determine issues of law arising from legislation and delegated legislation.
The West Bengal State Electricity Board Employees’ Service Regulations are on record.
PW108/A which evidences the acceptance accorded by the Excise and Taxation Department to the bids offered by the appellants.
Since judgment in Suraj Prakash Gupta’s case (supra) deals with very same Rules which fall for consideration in the present case, it is relevant for decision of our case.
The law on the point of life imprisonment as laid down in Godse’s case (supra) is clear that life imprisonment means till the end of one’s life and that by very nature the sentence is indeterminable.
Right from his childhood, appellant used to reside with his paternal uncle Govardhandas.
Inquiry by Magistrate into cause of death.
This prompts a questioning of the factual basis for the reference that the court fees being levied at present covers “only a fraction of the administrative costs of the judicial process.  The principle that the costs of administration of justice should be met entirely through court fees levied on users is termed as ‘full cost recovery’.
He pointed out that the expressions used in a different context in the European Drug Regulatory Directive were incorporated in the for an altogether different purpose and raised some important and interesting points for interpretation of but in this case we see no reason to go into those aspects of the matter.
Mr. C.D. Singh, learned counsel appearing for the State, on the other hand, pointed out that the prosecution has proved the case beyond reasonable doubt.
The CREDAI has requested that the definition of Built Up Area (BUA) given vide notification S.O.695(E) dated 04.04.2011 should have prospective effect.
The cause of action is a bundle of facts which taken with the law applicable to them gives the plaintiff the right to relief against the defendant.
In any case, the said statement having been retracted, it could not have been the basis of conviction and could be used only to corroborate other evidence.
It is clear that the right which was given to the Deemed University to confer degrees pertain to those degrees which are specified by the UGC in the Official Gazette.
No V.I.P. treatment was given to her grandchild on that day.
He further pointed out that the dominant object of the statute coupled with use of compelling words may in some cases involve a different meaning.
It is on the findings of the OMI, Headquarters Western Naval Command directed the Commanding Officer, INS Kunjali where the respondent was attached for the investigation, to investigate and record Summary of Evidence (SoE) of prosecution witnesses.
He has also shown the amount in deposit with the ARCS after deducting the amount that has to be paid to the appellant - bank.
It was submitted that in view of the Government decision dated 28.09.2017 read with 07.03.2019, the Revisional Authority's order is required to be set aside and the matter requires re- hearing before the Original Authority for the purpose of renewal of permit.
She reproached me for not answering the letter.
In any event no girl of a tender age and her parents would like to jeopardise her entire future by falsely implicating a person alleging forcible sexual intercourse'.
He has also denied that any panchayat was convened regarding these dowry demands, whereas Sukhwant Singh PW7, the real brother of the deceased, has categorically stated in cross-examination that a panchayat comprising both Angrez Singh and Gurdip Singh and several others had held deliberations.
Additionally, it was submitted that PW-3 had rushed to the place of occurrence only after the fight had started, so there arose doubt as to the veracity of PW-3.
This is true particularly when the suggested change is structural or organizational which involves some threat, real or perceived, of personal loss to those involved.
Data protection regimes seek to protect the autonomy of the individual.
A Council of Judges consisting of three Judges shall also be established for action against Judges of the Military Service Courts.
Therefore, they asked as to whether Manikandan was present there.
Therefore, they asked as to whether Manikandan was present there.
It takes in its ambit and sweep the right of the victim(s) and the society at large.
Lok Sabha is the House to which the Council of Ministers is responsible under the Constitution.
This is chiefly, in view of the intrepid, audacious and fiendish intrusion of human right by the assassins in broad day light at a public place, by defiantly violating all canons of law and making a mockery of the administrative regime entrusted with the responsibility to maintain an orderly society.
This is chiefly, in view of the intrepid, audacious and fiendish intrusion of human right by the assassins in broad day light at a public place, by defiantly violating all canons of law and making a mockery of the administrative regime entrusted with the responsibility to maintain an orderly society.
Porro prism binoculars and roof prism binoculars using the Abbe - Koenig roof prism do not use dielectric coatings because these prisms reflect with very high reflectivity using total internal reflection in the prism rather than requiring a mirror coating.
On that premise, it was argued that the provisions of a Money Bill must be construed very strictly and narrowly and only if a Bill falls strictly under definition of a Money Bill (), it can be passed as a Money Bill.
While making specific reference to , it was pointed out that MCOCA though does not punish insurgency per se, punishes those who are guilty of running a crime organization and one of the motive of which may be the promotion of insurgency.
Rama Reddy’s name was also mutated in the Pahanies.
This Act shall, in the first instance, apply to premises let for the purposes of residence, education, business, trade or storage in the areas specified in Schedule I and Schedule II.
Based on the above response, the companies required the SEBI to withdraw the above summons (dated 30.8.2010 and 23.9.2010).
Learned counsel for the State of Madhya Pradesh submitted that the evidence of Kesar Bai (PW-1) was credible and acceptable and the same was supported by other evidence and circumstances and the High Court erred in disbelieving the evidence of Kesar Bai (PW-1).
However, that is only when it is found that the price mentioned in the invoice is not the reflection of the price at which these are ordinarily sold or offered for sale.
However, that is only when it is found that the price mentioned in the invoice is not the reflection of the price at which these are ordinarily sold or offered for sale.
It was also prayed that action should be taken under after show cause notice and reasonable opportunity of being heard.
There are nearly 100 ticket types that are sold through the system – based on class of travel, concessions for senior citizens and children, concessions to other categories, and season tickets.
There are concerns about the carrying capacity of the area with regard to its ability to sustain the extent and quantum of mining that has taken place there.
Seventy-five years is an important milestone in the life of any organization.
C. Muniappan and Shyamal Gosh.
In re Kandaswami Gounder AIR1957Mad727, and it is not necessary to refer to them in detail here.
Shri Ganta Srinivasa Rao Garu, Minister for Human Resouces Development, Govt of Andhra Pradesh presented the award in the presnce of Shri M Srinivasa Rao, Member of Parliament, Anakapalli of A.P. and other officials of PRSI during its 39th All India Public Relations Conference – 2017 today.
Industrialists are not supplying good food as compared to these Mahila Mandals in different parts of the country, as accepted by the Union of India in its Report.
Industrialists are not supplying good food as compared to these Mahila Mandals in different parts of the country, as accepted by the Union of India in its Report.
The appellant would further contend that it was always ready and willing to perform its part of the contract and for which reason the Court ought to have decreed the suit filed by the appellant.
Furthermore, as against the investment of Rs.125.54 crore as on 31st March, 2002, on the said date the appellant had a total of Rs.280.64 crore by way of interest free funds in the form of share capital (Rs.6.55 crore) as well as Reserves and Surplus (Rs.274.09 crore).
Ram Prakash (PW-3) although turned hostile had made statement that accused had confessed to him that since the girl has refused sexual relationship with him he had murdered her.
The Trial Court dismissed the suit by concluding that time was of the essence of the Agreement.
The Trial Court dismissed the suit by concluding that time was of the essence of the Agreement.
After hearing the sentence, the trial court sentenced the convicts to various sentences.
There is no power conferred upon the State Government under the said Act to exercise control over minor minerals after they have been excavated.
As rightly held by the Sessions Court and the High Court, setting fire on another person after pouring kerosene is an act likely to cause death of such person.
He is not “under sentence of death  even if the High Court imposes, by confirmation or fresh appellate infliction, death penalty, so long as an appeal to the Supreme Court is likely to be or has been moved or is pending.
This could be by way of a proviso to the following effect: “provided further that an amount not exceeding the aggregate amount, which was transferred from the shareholders funds, in the previous years, 9.1.16 9.1.17 9.1.18 9.1.19 shall be transferred back to the shareholders funds, in case of surplus, prior 99 ११ to the declaration of bonus to the policyholders .
Moreover, who can prosecute and who can be prosecuted, are matters which fall within the domain of the law.
An analysis of the Clause 16.8(e) indicates that this recommendation is made on the following grounds:- 47 Large number of Government Departments who are carrying out Judicial and quasi-judicial functions would be able to deliver the orders in Hindi; At present, these Departments are unable to pass orders in Hindi because the appeal against their order are in High Courts/Supreme Court would have to be conducted in English.
SC 921 Parliament and the State legislatures.
The Department of Administrative Reforms and Public Grievances has the mandate of promoting good governance practices in the country.
It was further contended that when a person is convicted and if the conviction is not suspended or stayed, he may suffer from certain disadvantages as consequences of his conviction.
Registration of any person or agency or organisation can be Il. cancelled by the Collector — (a) If such person is adjudged as insolvent under Insolvency law applicable to him; or (b) If charges have been framed by any court against such person for alleged involvement in an offence involving moral turpitude; or (c) If such person is convicted by any court for committing an offence involving moral turpitude; or (d) If such person, body or agency does not comply with the directions issued by the Regulatory Authority or Collector; or (e) If such person, body or agency violates any provision of the proposed enactment or any rules made thereunder.
While the ordinary exercise of police powers contemplates restraints of a physical nature such as the extraction of bodily substances and the use of reasonable force for subjecting a person to a medical examination, it is not viable to extend these police powers to the forcible extraction of testimonial responses.
Iam happy to be amidst you to share this significant moment in your life.
The Government is also in the process of setting up a National Academic Depository (NAD).
For the purpose of this case, it is sufficient to say that any outside authority empowered by the State to determine conclusively the rights of two or more contending parties with regard to any matter in controversy between them satisfies the test of an authority vested with the judicial powers of the State and may be regarded as a tribunal within the meaning of Such a power of adjudication implies that the authority must act judicially and must determine the dispute by ascertainment of the relevant facts on the materials before it and by application of the relevant law to those facts.
Pursuant to the Eradi Committee Report, the was amended in 2002 by providing for the constitution of a National Company Law Tribunal as a substitute for the Company Law Board, the High Court, BIFR and AAIFR.
First, the medical examination of the victim did not result in any definite opinion that she was subjected to rape.
First, the medical examination of the victim did not result in any definite opinion that she was subjected to rape.
It may be noted that Section 21 provided that no objection as to place of the suing can be allowed by even an appellate or revisional court unless such objection was taken in the court of first instance at the earliest possible opportunity and unless there has been a consequent failure of justice.
Provide testing facilities by establishing laboratory to ensure quality of the products.
Spectrograph which offers images that can be heard again by the pattern playback.
In all pending cases including trial, revision, appeal or any other criminal proceedings in respect of a juvenile in conflict with law, in any court, the determination of juvenility of such a juvenile shall be in terms of Clause (1) of Section 2, even if the juvenile ceases to be so on or before the date of commencement of this Act and the provisions of this Act shall apply as if the said provisions had been in force, for all purposes and at all material times when the alleged offence was committed.
Even in these cases, the courts interpret the contract provisions in favour of arbitration.
Basically, one of the important elements is the internal and implicit strength of the language itself depending upon its quality and speed of growth and once it is so developed in its vocabulary and use, it by itself offers solutions to the people by making general use of the same and this aspect is Fundamental.
Hence this suit for permanent injunction.
The decision in the aforesaid case is graphically clear that the selection was under challenge but the selectees were not made parties.
The greatest reward for the Kofi Annan Centre is that its graduates are effectively deployed throughout the Economic Community of West African States.
Similarly, with regard to powers, privileges and immunities of the Houses of Parliament, their members and committees thereof, the two Houses are placed absolutely on equal footing by the Constitution.
For deduction of development charges, the nature of the development, conditions and nature of the land, the land required to be set apart under the building rules for roads, sewerage, electricity, parks, water etc, and all other relevant circumstances involved are to be considered.
It provides support services and other quality inputs such as assistance for strengthening of DRDA Administration, Panchayati Raj institutions, training and research, human resource development, development of voluntary action, etc. for the proper implementation of its schemes and programmes.
Given that parts of the NDMC area fall under the Lutyens’ Bungalow Zone (‘LBZ’) or ‘prohibited’ or ’regulated area’ declared by the Archaeological Survey of India under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1958 (including the rules framed thereunder), and given that building bye-laws require certain setbacks to be left vacant, the unconstructed/vacant land is often not capable of being built upon.
Defendant no.3 had no title to the property, as such she had no right to retain its possession.
Similarly it is wrong and dangerous to proceed by substituting some other words for words of the statute.
Similarly it is wrong and dangerous to proceed by substituting some other words for words of the statute.
It also concurred with the findings recorded by the Prescribed Authority and the Appellate Court on the issue of bona fide need and comparative hardship.
The Vice-Chancellor shall be whole-time officer and shall hold office for a period of three years with effect from the date on which he assumed charge.
Newspaper reports are not to be considered as evidence.
I was advised to come after 3 weeks to under go operation and also the RGU and HCU test.
Though the validity was repelled by this Court, the doctrine of ‘reading down’ was discussed.
A revised and updated version on the subject is annexed for information and necessary action.
P1 used to ply in Birla Vidya Niketan as well as chartered bus and used to take the office-goers from Delhi and drop them at Noida every morning and evening.
It has been pointed out that there had been some discrepancies in the inquest report as well as in the depositions of the witnesses.
The appellant was a Motor mechanic and was previously jailed under COFEPOSA for 1 year.
Thereafter on account of status quo issued by the High Court in CWP Nos.1893 and 1894 of 2006, possession of tracts of land for which licence was granted could not be taken over from the petitioners .
Remove the supers and arrange the available healthy broods compactly in the brood chamber.
Provides comprehensive information related to production, products and marketing in local languages.
By way of illustration, we can consider the case of a private institution affiliated to a University such as Bharathidasan University, which after some length of time is conferred Deemed to be University status for excellence achieved by such private institution, say in the field of adult education.
The whole process, it was thus contended, was with a clear understanding of the terms and conditions on which such absorption was to take place.
That does not mean that the respondent had been convicted of any offence, for which the sentence of imprisonment is two years or more.
Coming to the role attributed to the other accused, P.W.2 stated that accused Vishnu Bule (A-5), Anil Gadekar (A-6) and Sandeep Bhosale (A-4) assaulted on his right wrist, near his eye and abdomen region, while accused Sunil Kashinath Chandanshiva (A-1), Latesh (A-3) and Vijay @ Istriwala (A-2) assaulted his brother on his head and hands.
The principle of just punishment is the bedrock of sentencing in respect of a criminal offence…..
It may be seen that the order dated 23.02.2011 regarding the deposit in court was passed to secure the entire compensation from the NHAI.
This stipulation of providing free treatment to the patients for whom the free beds were earmarked has never been fulfilled.
Our first remark is that the approach of the High Court in dealing with this aspect may not be entirely correct.
As you are aware, Section 7 of the Official Language Act, 1963 permits the use of Hindi as the official language of a State in addition to the English language for the purpose of any judgment, decree or order passed or made by the High Courts for that State, provided the Governor of a State with the previous consent of the President authorizes such use.
We have also remarked, in paragraph 85 above, the taxonomy of privacy, namely, on the basis of ‘harms’, ‘interest’ and ‘aggregation of rights’.
Therefore, the petition discloses a cause of action.
Autonomy is the ethical element of human dignity.
5.3 It is further submitted by the learned counsel appearing on behalf of the Appellant Corporation that the High Court has failed to appreciate and consider the fact that the Appellant Corporation has a separate legal entity and must always be treated as a foreign service.
It was not for the High Court, exercising its extra ordinary power of judicial review, to reanalyse the evidence on record and adjudicate the disputed question of whether the Mahanth of the Mutt had at all granted Saswatha Patta to the predecessors in interest of the appellants, whether the takeed was duly executed by the Mahanth, whether the ryotwari pattas were genuine or otherwise valid or not.
It was not for the High Court, exercising its extra ordinary power of judicial review, to reanalyse the evidence on record and adjudicate the disputed question of whether the Mahanth of the Mutt had at all granted Saswatha Patta to the predecessors in interest of the appellants, whether the takeed was duly executed by the Mahanth, whether the ryotwari pattas were genuine or otherwise valid or not.
Indian Industry should focus on reducing carbon footprint and devising green technologies.
Hearings were to be in public unless the Committee by majority held otherwise.
According to them, therefore, the Calcutta and Bombay High Courts’ view is preferable to the Delhi High Court’s view.
This proposition, as well as the requirement that all relevant criteria be considered thoroughly, may however be taken care of by the legislature to create adequate deterrence through certainty of punishments.
It is to be clarified that does not cover each and every legislative exercise of a State.
With the belief that the efforts to improve corporate governance standards in India must continue because these standards themselves were evolving in keeping with the market dynamics, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) had constituted a Committee on Corporate Governance in 2002, in order to evaluate the adequacy of existing corporate governance practices and further improve these practices.
If after such adjustment there remains surplus, the same shall be returned to the lessee without any interest.
In a message to Shri A.S. Kiran Kumar, Chairman of ISRO, the President has said, 'My heartiest congratulations to you and your entire team at the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) for the successful launch of PSLV-C34, carrying a record 20 satellites in a single mission including the Cartosat-2 series satellite and 19 co-passenger satellites.
Officers of the State Government / UTs belonging to the Departments of Revenue, Rural Development, Education and other related sectors, such as Women and Child Development, Food, Health are also required to inspect schools and centres where the programme is being implemented.
If a person has a valid driving licence to drive a tractor or a motor vehicle, he continues to have a valid licence to drive that tractor or motor vehicle even if a trailer is attached to it and some goods are carried in it.
If a person has a valid driving licence to drive a tractor or a motor vehicle, he continues to have a valid licence to drive that tractor or motor vehicle even if a trailer is attached to it and some goods are carried in it.
There may also be circumstances where there are matters with respect to which the Constitution does not specifically require the Governor to act in his discretion but the Governor, despite this, may be fully justified to act so e.g. the Council of Ministers may advise the Governor to dissolve a House, which may be detrimental to the interests of the nation.
For so long as the Seller is claiming relief due to any Non Natural Force Majeure Event (or Natural Force Majeure Event affecting the Procurer/s) under this Agreement, the Procurers may from time to time on one (1) days notice inspect the Project and the Seller shall provide Procurer’s personnel with access to the Project to carry out such inspections, subject to the Procurer’s personnel complying with all reasonable safety precautions and standards.
Maintaining a close liaison with the Central Ministries, Planning Commission, State Governments, Financial Institutions and other Organisations concerned with development of MSMEs.
Now these are clear provisions expressly providing for deduction, from the price, of certain items of expenditure.
Presently, we shall proceed to scrutinize whether the High Court is justified in applying the doctrine of proportionality.
The appellant has further stated that the Man Sagar Lake on its western side is bound by Jaipur-Amer road.
In Shankar Kisanrao Khade’s case (supra), while dealing with the criminal test (mitigating circumstances), this Court noticed one of the circumstances to be considered by the trial Court, while applying the test, is with regard to the chances of the accused not indulging in commission of the crime again and the probability of the accused being reformed and rehabilitated.
In this regard the attention of the Court has also been drawn to the provisions of Section 2(7) of the MRTP Act which define 'development' to mean 'carrying out of buildings, engineering, mining or other operations in or over or under, land ........'.
We feel it is justified to award the aforesaid amount under this head as he might have to deal with discrimination and stigma in society due to the fact that he is an amputee.
We feel it is justified to award the aforesaid amount under this head as he might have to deal with discrimination and stigma in society due to the fact that he is an amputee.
Apart from her, three other eye witnesses were examined, and they supported the claim of the appellants.
PW-6-Uma Shankar had driven the car and Francesco Montis was taken to the emergency ward.
On 09.03.1993, he along with Javed, PW-2 and other conspirators participated in the survey of BMC building as a prospective target.
It was therefore asserted, that reliance placed at the hands of the learned counsel, appearing for the petitioners, on the Madras Bar Association case35, was not acceptable in law.
Provided that in the case of an assessee, being a company, the provisions of this sub-section shall have effect as if for the words 'seventy-five per cent', at both the places where they occur, the words 'eighty-three and one-third per cent' had been substituted.
Provided that in the case of an assessee, being a company, the provisions of this sub-section shall have effect as if for the words 'seventy-five per cent', at both the places where they occur, the words 'eighty-three and one-third per cent' had been substituted.
Provided that in the case of an assessee, being a company, the provisions of this sub-section shall have effect as if for the words 'seventy-five per cent', at both the places where they occur, the words 'eighty-three and one-third per cent' had been substituted.
Dr. Singhvi, learned Additional Advocate General appearing for the State of Rajasthan prefaced his submission by contending that the first question to be examined is whether the transaction is a ‘Sale’ or ‘Works Contract’.
If the woman is not able to give quality time to her child because of fear of losing job or a wage- cut the real victim would be the child.
The aforesaid change of policy that was overlooked however came to the notice of the respondents before physical possession of the plots was handed over to the appellant.
The aforesaid change of policy that was overlooked however came to the notice of the respondents before physical possession of the plots was handed over to the appellant.
The present day Mumbai Cricket Association or MCA is the governing body for cricket in Mumbai and its surrounding regions like Thane and Navi Mumbai.
She also alleged that the appellant leaves for his office at 8.30 a.m. and returns back late in the evening and, therefore, he is not in a position to look after the basic needs of the child.
It produces books in Hindi, English and fifteen other major Indian languages under its various series and in Braille.
Accused after ensuring that the complainant had died, threw him down the road in a nullah near village Dhundiara.
As we are clearly of the opinion that the appellant’s contentions must fail on this last ground, we consider it unnecessary to pronounce on the other points raised by the Attorney General especially as the issues involved are not purely legal but also of a political character, and we have not had the views of the accused concerned on those points .
PW-2 Constable Mohammad Altaf Mir, PW-3 Constable Bilal Ahmad, PW-4 Sg.
It is heartening to learn that the UT Administration has taken concrete measures in the area of solar power generation in Diu.
Any main public / cooperative sector project for setting up new plants or for revamping / retrofitting / expanding existing plants is subject to investment approval of the government.
She must participate in those proceedings by engaging solicitors of her choice to espouse her cause before the High Court of Justice.
The Contractor’s plea is that it should be current material cost of the material consumed in that month while the Employer’s view is that it should be the base price.
As such, in the case of Ram Pyare (supra), applying of the Act, this Court has specifically observed and held that once there was an erroneous representation by the vendor, thereafter the suit by the heirs of the vendor for cancellation of the sale deed would not be maintainable.
I am pleased that Gurudev Tagore’s work has been translated into the Finnish language and has been widely appreciated in Finland.
All this was done, in a well thought out and planned manner.
All this was done, in a well thought out and planned manner.
Therefore, in every case where the State decides to provide for reservation there must exist two circumstances, namely, “backwardness  and “inadequacy of representation .
This disability rendered him incapacitated which had the consequence of dashing forever his dream of becoming Mechanical Engineer, studies for which career he had undertaken.
This disability rendered him incapacitated which had the consequence of dashing forever his dream of becoming Mechanical Engineer, studies for which career he had undertaken.
Whether the act of surrender in order to become complete should have been accepted by the State?
As such, given that privacy and liberty are intertwined, privacy is necessary for the exercise of liberty.
Test Identification Parade conducted on 14/8/2012 is also relied upon to show that evidence of PW-4 Tehsildar is duly proved.
In an effort to keep criminal elements out of legislatures, one must not create disabilities for honest candidates who find themselves foisted with false criminal charges.
We are of the opinion that the trial court was in error on this score.
We have already held that private owners of the land are also owners of the minerals and the minerals belong to the owners/Tribals.
This is an unsavory saga with a Bishop on one side and the Church on the other, where neither comes out the better.
Maritime claim.
He submits that the dispensation envisioned in the concerned clauses is essentially to ensure smooth and effective implementation of the scheme.
Due to this prejudicial action, which was taken by the High Court without hearing the petitioners, the notification conferring power on the Special Judge to try the case should be struck down.
This will boost the two primary sectors of local economy – fisheries and tourism.
He first visited his village home at Pratapur in flagrant violation of the directions of the jail administration and the police escort party.
In calculating fractions of terms of punishment, imprisonment for life shall be reckoned as equivalent to imprisonment for twenty years.
Speaking on the occasion, the President congratulated the Observer Research Foundation, the Zeit Stiftung and the dean of the Asian Forum for Global Governance, Dr Shashi Tharoor, for creating this platform that brings together thinking and well meaning persons to debate the opportunities and challenges of the present day world.
Every assessee who produces, manufactures or warehouses goods which are chargeable with duty at a rate dependent on the value of the goods, shall file with the proper officer a price list, in such form and in such manner and at such intervals as the Collector may require, showing the price of each of such goods and the trade discount, if any, allowed in respect thereof to the buyers along with such other particulars as the Central Board of Excise and Customs or the Collector may specify.
It incorporates sections on Science & Technology, Education, Information Technology, General Knowledge, Current Affairs, Sports, Events of the past year and latest ones too.
On 24.08.2007 at about 02.00 a.m., Anant Ram (PW-3) came to the house of accused.
The Finance Act, extends the levy of service tax to the whole of India, except the State of Jammu & Kashmir.
He stated that he had signed the document outside the office.
Thus, with the State’s inherent strength built over a century and with the future potential, Assam offers opportunities for exploration in the oil and gas sector.
Can it be said that after amendment under , the law laid down by this Court in reference to , where large number of categories have been held to be non-arbitrable has been reversed or set at naught.
Now, we revert back to the allegations in the complaint against the appellant.
Issue, needless to say, is of great concern.
After completion of investigation, his successor in office filed charge sheet.
Hence, it should be repealed and a suitable savings clause should be inserted to the repealing Act.
While the Commission is appreciative of the need to discourage unjustified and frivolous complaints and the scourge of over-implication, it is not inclined to take a view that dilutes the efficacy of s.498A to the extent of defeating its purpose especially having regard to the fact that atrocities against women are on the increase.
The past experience has been one of lack of confidence in people’s participation in adminis- tration of justice. Somehow or the other, popular participation in the administra- tion of justice creates misgivings in the minds of the people other than those to whom such an opportunity has never been extended.
The choice is that of the Government and none can claim a right to be appointed because it is a position of great trust and confidence.
Section 21, it is to be noted, does not confine the right of entry to the outer portion of the premises; it does not even exclude the inner sanctuary 'the Holy of Holies' as it is said, the sanctity of which is zealously preserved.
The successful bidder was also required to accept further liability to pay interest @ 15% per annum towards the amount of price payable to partners from December 06, 1987 till the date of deposit.
Contemporaneous crucial records which were part of the same lease transaction were omitted by the Committee.
It is contended by Mr S.K. Jain, the learned counsel appearing for the appellant, that unless the learned Judge goes into the correctness of the decision taken by the Government in preparation of the seniority list in the light of the law laid down by three Benches, the learned Judge cannot come to a conclusion whether or not the respondent had wilfully or deliberately disobeyed the orders of the Court as defined under Section 2(b) of the Act.
This order be brought to the notice of Punjab & Haryana High Court by the State of Haryana and by our Registry. ..........
The principal contention of the learned Attorney General in opposing any investigation or inquiry into the alleged extra-judicial killings is that a war-like situation has been and is prevailing in Manipur.
Then on 16th, Jafar Saheb took all of them to a different place and introduced them to two persons and informed them that these persons will impart training in arms and ammunitions and left the place.
The ailments are not of such a nature which could worsen overnight.
It was further observed that historians were of the unanimous opinion that Ubaidulla was the first Kazi/mutawalli of the mosque and that members of his family had held the office of Kazi in succession.
However, this claim amount includes interest only upto the date of auction and not the subsequent interest payable.
Bina Vishnoi w/o Nikesh Kumar resident of Mohalla Vishanpura Kasba and P.S. Kanth is present.
As pointed out above, though he filed two review petitions seeking review of that portion of the order by which Tribunal had given liberty to the State Government to pass fresh order of suspension but did not even ask for review of the order denying him salary for the period after June 05, 1996.
The petitioner is the husband of the complainant/informant.
Where the direct testimony is found untrustworthy, conviction on the basis of medical evidence supported by other circumstantial evidence can be done, if that is trustworthy.
It is erroneous for the reason that the same is contrary to substantive evidence on record in favour of the appellants and no rebuttal evidence is adduced by the Insurance Company in the case to accept its defence pleas and record the finding on the contentious issue Nos.1 and 2 in its favour.
The procedure to be complied with in connection with the take over, such as the framing of a proposal and placing it before the Legislative Assembly of the State for its approval, before issuing a formal notification, only ensures a valid implementation, or execution, of the decision that is taken in exercise of the power conferred under the Section.
He overstayed leave without sufficient cause for 05 days from 8.10.1991 to 13.10.1991 for which he was awarded penalty of reduction in rank after Summary Court Martial.
In polyculture, M. malcolmsonii at a stocking density of 10, 000 - 20, 000 / ha along with carps at density of 2, 500 - 3, 500 nos / ha, a production of 300 - 400 kg prawn and 2000 - 3000 kg carps can also be raised.
Interest Rates is linked to LIBOR and is subject to maximum LIBOR + 1. 5%.
The State is bound to treat various incumbents similarly as others have been allotted the land.
It is, however, legitimate to suppose that the High Court or the Court of Session will be approached by an accused only after he has failed before the Magistrate and after the investigation has progressed throwing light on the evidence and circumstances implicating the accused.
The provisions of the Contempt of Court Act, 1971, if they treat as contempt, publications made after the filing of a first information report, then in view of Surendra Mohanty vs. State of Orissa (1961)(quoted in A.K. Gopalan vs. Noordeem 1969(2) SCC 7341 such a provision would be an unreasonable restriction on freedom of publications.
There are various other aspects such as judging the guilt or innocence of the accused or discrediting witnesses etc. which could be contempt.
This is what was intended by the legislature; a plain reading, though, shows an unintended omission which must be made up or furnished by the Court.
The reporting/ reviewing officers will be required to support very high/ low markings in the remarks column.
Equality before the law necessarily involves the concept that all the parties to a proceeding in which justice is sought must have an equal opportunity of access to the Court and of presenting their cases to the Court.
Page 60 , 1947 would be a special law vis-à-vis the , 1956; but, “when compensation on nationalisation is the question, the is the special statute .
Refinance will be extended under Automatic Refinance Facility as well as schemes with prior sanction depending upon the project outlay and amount of refinance.
No doubt, such conspiracies are normally hatched in dark and clandestinely and there may not be any eye witnesses.
If the Intending Allottee fails to exercise his right of termination within the time limit as aforesaid, by delivery to the Developer of a written notice acknowledged by the Developer in this regard, then he shall not be entitled to terminate this Agreement thereafter and he shall continue to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement, provided that in such case, the Developer shall continue to pay the compensation provided herein.
The definition of the above provisions were made w.e.f.
Frozen whole trout remained in good condition at - 18 ° C for 12 months.
Tonk, who is an agriculturist by occupation, is examined on behalf of the appellants, who has deposed before the Tribunal and he has stated that the deceased Tikaram was traveling in the trolley of the tractor, which was driven by the first respondent in a high speed, rashly and negligently on account of which the vehicle got turned down and the tyre of tractor ran over Tikaram on account of which, he sustained grievous injuries and succumbed to the same.
The amount so due shall be paid by SEBI by debit to account Saharas.
The organization will undertake to monitor the projects closely with a view to achieving and realising the objectives and goals and keep NABARD informed of the same through constitution of a Project Monitoring Committee (PMC) depending on the size and nature of project by nominating NABARD representative on the same.
It was alleged by the PIL petitioner that the appellant herein Jal Mahal Resorts Private Limited started constructing high walls of mud and soil in the eastern part of the lake bed near sluice gates and a large area around it for the purpose of preparing sedimentation tanks in the lake bed itself.
It was alleged by the PIL petitioner that the appellant herein Jal Mahal Resorts Private Limited started constructing high walls of mud and soil in the eastern part of the lake bed near sluice gates and a large area around it for the purpose of preparing sedimentation tanks in the lake bed itself.
But, such interpretation is to be given only in case a person resigns from service during the pendency of a departmental proceeding or because of an allegation pending consideration.
Respondent - Shani Kumar sent a reply to the show cause notice on 14/3/2011, which did not find favour with the appellants.
However, within this class of institutions there is a separate group where the State Governments themselves have taken a decision to adopt the scheme.
Further the application is barred by limitation.
Therefore, the principles laid down in Jitendra Kumar Singh (supra) cannot be applied to the said case.
As far as the said contention is concerned, we only wish to refer to the reported decision of this Court in wherein this Court has clearly held that (SCC p. 645, para 8) where the FIR was actually recorded without delay and the investigation started on the basis of that FIR and there is no other infirmity brought to the notice of the court then, however improper or objectionable the delay in receipt of the report by the Magistrate concerned be, in the absence of any prejudice to the accused it cannot by itself justify the conclusion that the investigation was tainted and the prosecution insupportable.
The indignity suffered by the sexual minority cannot, by any means, stand the test of constitutional validity.
Only one requisition form is accepted from a person at one time.
We have noted the fact that no reason for not agreeing with the Judgment delivered by a three-Judge Bench has been assigned in the said order.
Only in the absence of the said certificate, Rule 12(3), envisages consideration of the date of birth entered, in the school first attended by the child.
The complainant arranged the money i.e. 20 notes in the denomination of Rs.500/- each.
Information about the Gujarat High Court is available.
73 show cause notices issued to respondent no.1 establish that respondent no.1 did not have a good track record and therefore such notices were necessarily taken into consideration by the technical expert.
Equally well settled is the proposition of law that where there is a sole witness to the incident, his evidence has to be accepted with caution and after testing it on the touchstone of evidence tendered by other witnesses or evidence otherwise recorded.
These awards are given to outstanding achievers among persons with disabilities, as well as to individuals and institutions which do outstanding work for the empowerment of such persons.
If outlaws are able to unravel borders, then we are heading towards an age of chaos.
As put on weight in adulthood, weight gain is mostly fat rather than muscle.
Admittedly, under the scheme for conversion floated by Delhi Development Authority, it was not mandatory for an applicant to be the owner of a property by virtue of a registered sale deed.
The range of concerns expressed during the course of the public consultation covered a variety of environmental issues.
The Writ Petition before the High Court was instituted on 11 May 2015, well over seven years thereafter.
After due consideration of the entire evidence on record, the Designated Court came to the conclusion that the appellant (A-61) being involved in the Shekhadi landing operation, has committed the offence under section 3(3) TADA.
He further deposed that it was with the help of Abdullah Ibrahim Surti (A-66) and the present appellant (A-81) that the goods were loaded in the boat which were to be dumped in the sea.
He further deposed that it was with the help of Abdullah Ibrahim Surti (A-66) and the present appellant (A-81) that the goods were loaded in the boat which were to be dumped in the sea.
The State is allowed to pick and choose districts, objects, persons, methods and even rate for taxation if it does so reasonably.
In the United Kingdom, Parliament is supreme.
In the United Kingdom, Parliament is supreme.
In of the Constitution, the President is mandated to consult the Chief Justice of India and ‘such of the Judges of the Supreme Court and of the High Courts in the States as the President may deem necessary.
There is in fact nothing in the wordings of Entry 30 to show that the relief contemplated by it must necessarily relate to any subsisting indebtedness and would not cover the question of relief to those who have lost the means of their livelihood because of the delay in providing them legislative relief.
The learned Attorney General brought to our notice that NGOs also have a role to play in rehabilitation programmes of prisoners as mentioned in Chapter XXII of the Manual.
The Supreme Court was therefore the first and only court to impose the death penalty.
Take a Break.
Thereafter, she even proceeded with the accused to the old bus-stand in Kurukshetra, to leave for Ambala so that the two of them could get married at the court in Ambala.
That would prima facie tantamount to a criminal breach of trust.
The modem social evolution is the growing need to keep individual to be as free as possible, consistent with his correlative obligation to the society.
Even otherwise, shooting at two people grappling on the floor would have been a risk since the shot could have injured either or both persons.
The respondent sought dismissal of the complaint on the ground that the Chief Judicial Magistrate had no territorial jurisdiction to entertain the complaint.
Article 14.3(ii) provides that a notice of dispute can be issued only where local remedies have been ‘exhausted’ to the dissatisfaction of the investor or the investor is capable of proving that continued pursuit of domestic relief would be futile for specific reasons.
Similarly, while our teachers and students are both very talented, no Indian since CV Raman in 1930 has won the Nobel Prize from an Indian university.
The Census 2011 was the fifteenth Census in this series as reckoned from 1872 and the seventh since independence.
The Government Resolution dated 01.08.2007 dealt with certain conditions under which transfer of employees of primary and secondary residential schools could be permitted.
The University Grants Commission (UGC) (File referring to external site opens in a new window) which came into existence on 28 December 1953 became a statutory organisation by an Act of Parliament.
This University offers over 14, 000 students 107 programmes in streams like management, computers, health, media, humanities and engineering.
In our opinion, the ratio of the judgment in I.R.Coelho (supra) relied upon by Mr. Bhushan is wholly inapplicable in the facts and circumstances of this case.
Provision of maternity benefits should be made obligatory on the State and not left to the will of the employers and should cover all women, including women working in the unorganized sector.
It gives publicity and public exposure to documents thereby preventing forgeries and frauds in regard to transactions and execution of documents.
Technologies emerge from the paradigms of science.
Where an act is arbitrary, it is implicit in it that it is unequal both according to political logic and constitutional law and is therefore violative of ….
At this stage, we deem it appropriate to direct that an escrow account has to be opened.
With these averments, the plaintiffs sought the relief of specific performance of the agreement for sale and in the alternative, also prayed for recovery of earnest money with interest and for damages.
With these averments, the plaintiffs sought the relief of specific performance of the agreement for sale and in the alternative, also prayed for recovery of earnest money with interest and for damages.
It is also denied that Bharati bala Das permitted him to stay in the suit premises temporarily as a licensee.
Several properties were acquired by these companies, the details of which have been specified in the proposal.
Having given our thoughtful consideration on the above contention, we are of the view, that the judgment relied upon by learned counsel, is wholly inapplicable in the facts and circumstances of this case, for two distinguishing features in the present case, namely, that the extra judicial confession in the instant case was made to the Village Administrative Officer R.V. Alagurajan – PW12, who was totally unbiased and unconnected with the controversy in hand.
Ms. Sahu ended on the note that paragraph 4 of the 1989 Convention did not make any reference to age.
It is no doubt a kind of idolatry which would be a sin to destroy.
Suffice to say that there is no controversy now, in view of the judicial pronouncements that there is no embargo in the pension rules that an employee having put in more than 10 years of service but less than 20 years would earn pro rata pension if he avails of the VRS.
He accepted that other two accused persons did not disclose anything.
The hard reality is that private educational institutions are a necessity in the present day context and T.M.A. Pai, in para (39) has recognized this importance of private unaided educational institutions.
In this fact scenario, holding the cancellation order to be bad in law on the ground that the respondent was not facing any disciplinary action or criminal case on the date of his consideration for promotion, was totally off the mark.
In this fact scenario, holding the cancellation order to be bad in law on the ground that the respondent was not facing any disciplinary action or criminal case on the date of his consideration for promotion, was totally off the mark.
Whether the company is listed.
In his view, what is important is not the employment but the functions that a Public Prosecutor or a Government Pleader discharges.
In his view, what is important is not the employment but the functions that a Public Prosecutor or a Government Pleader discharges.
The members of the complaint party started using abusive language and attacked on him and becoming very excited.
The members of the complaint party started using abusive language and attacked on him and becoming very excited.
Such departmental appeals are invariably decided by a designated officer and can only be invoked by a dissatisfied party such as a contractor or an employee.
If that leads to people voting for the incumbent candidate, it certainly does not violate any principle of free and fair elections.
But if the skins were found in the accused's house, this would corroborate because it would tend to confirm the statement that the accused had some hand in the theft.
MCL/SBP/GM(TC)/ NIT-514 (hereinafter referred to as 'NIT-514') dated November 18-19, 2008 for “transportation of surface miner coal fact to Kanika Railway Siding and transportation of surface miner reject to face to surface miner reject dump of Kulda OCP, Basundhara Garjanbahal Area .
According to the petitioner-bank, the application of the respondent for compassionate appointment could not therefore be considered.
A witness is normally to be considered independent unless he or she springs from sources which are likely to be tainted and that usually means unless the witness has cause, such as enmity against the accused, to wish to implicate him falsely.
A witness is normally to be considered independent unless he or she springs from sources which are likely to be tainted and that usually means unless the witness has cause, such as enmity against the accused, to wish to implicate him falsely.
Therefore the statement of evidence given by said witnesses in the case could not have been placed reliance upon by both the trial court and the High Court to record a finding that the appellant is guilty of the offence punishable under (1) (c) of the Act and to convict and sentence him.
At this juncture, we would like to refer to certain unwarranted developments which took place after we started hearing this Reference.
Various kinds of strategies are innovated and then applied to enable the candidate to clear the examination any how.
The setting up of BT Parks in Himachal endeavours to create favourable environment for developing a strong BT - based industry as a business entrepreneurship to push the State at center stage of progress in a short time.
In the case on hand, prior sanction of the President was obtained by the Disciplinary Authority as required under Rule 9(2)(b)(i) of the CCS (Pension) Rules, 1972 for continuing the disciplinary proceedings against the appellant.
The ambit and scope of power of review of this Court has come up for consideration time and again before this Court.
It is submitted that all illegally mined coal should be vested in the State and no permission of transport as prayed by the different applicants be granted by this Court.
Since the order of termination is set aside, having regard to the finding of fact recorded by the Workmen’s Compensation Commissioner while determining the claim under the Workmen’s , the appellant- workman sustained grievous injuries to his legs which is an employment injury suffered during the course of employment in the respondent- Corporation.
Section 3 of the Act provides that the tariff rates for consumption of electrical energy shall be as specified in the Schedule to the Act.
We do not find that this provision gives excessive delegation to the Authority.
At the outset, it is necessary to clarify that we are not disposed to dwell upon the maintainability of the letters patent appeal before the Division Bench as that issue would be addressed separately in other cases.
All legislative proposals are brought before Parliament in the forms of Bills.
However, thereafter, the High Court held that the benefits would be payable to the original writ petitioner only w.e.f.
Similarly, contemplates that the State shall endeavour to provide early childhood care and education to all children below the age of 6 years and says that the State shall promote educational and economic interests of the weaker sections of the people.
As per the Law Commission Report, the Leprosy Act was against the spirit of the Resolution and, therefore, required immediate repeal in consultation with the States.
Such Bills cannot be introduced in Rajya Sabha and are deemed to have been passed if these are not returned to Lok Sabha within fourteen days.
Without prejudice to above even otherwise the market rate of rent is highly excessive and exaggerated and not Rs. 1, 96, 000 / - as alleged.
We find that such an argument is not tenable.
We, however, set aside the conviction and sentence imposed upon the appellants Sk.
6.7.2 What happens to the right of victim to get justice to the harm suffered?
The expression “in some other form  in the bracket is of utmost significance as by this expression the ordinary understanding of the term “goods  has been enlarged by bringing within its fold goods in a form other than goods.
They should be encouraged.
This charge is also purely technical.
In the present case, the Respondent was statutorily required to keep the share application money in the bank till the allotment of shares was complete.
The private interest stands subordinated to the public good.
It houses beautiful scriptures and paintings of Budha and other goddesses.
Undoubtedly the request of an IO for extension of time is not a substitute for the report of the public prosecutor but since we find that there has been, as per the comparison of the two documents, an application of mind by the public prosecutor as well as an endorsement by him, the infirmities in the form should not entitle the respondents to the benefit of a default bail when in substance there has been an application of mind.
Cut part circumference 73 cm and 23 cm at chest upper part.
The observation of the Bench in B.N. Agarwalla case that in G.C. Roy case (supra) the decision in Deptt.
Despite direction by the Tribunal the Management failed to prove the original agreement with contractor tendered by it.
Neurotic Depression-300  did compute the composite disability of the respondent to be 20%.
Several financial institutions have been set up at the State level which supplement the financial assistance provided by the all India institutions.
They are operating regular cargo services between Kolkata and Pandu (near Guwahati), between Kolkata and Karimganj (Assam), Kolkata - Bangladesh and between Haldia and Patna.
He also worked as an Advisor for the UN Environmental Programme.
He further deposed as follows: (i) PW-11 refused to allow the driver to park the car there as it had not come for servicing in the station.
Sub-section (3)(c) deals with cases where the export is of both self-manufactured goods as well as trading goods.
Sub-section (3)(c) deals with cases where the export is of both self-manufactured goods as well as trading goods.
Upon the determination of this issue a third point emerges, which is that of the onus probandi.
Upon the determination of this issue a third point emerges, which is that of the onus probandi.
The President expressed confidence that with the achievements of the President of Mauritius in the fields of science and technology, education and innovation, Mauritius will become stronger and a new dynamism will be added to India-Mauritius bilateral relations .
PW-14 (Selvakumar) although turned hostile, the same was confined only about the fact of recording confessional statement and he could not resile from the same.
He laid much stress on the fact that these reports were based on postmortem of the ‘photographs’ of deceased and not of the ‘body of the deceased’ and, therefore, could not be given much credence in any case.
It is not merely that he has an interest in the correct solution of some questions involved and has thought of relevant arguments to advance.
In the light of above principles, we may now examine the questions arising in the present case.
Any termination of the service of such member by a party to the dispute would interfere directly with the impartiality and independence expected from such member.
We may also refer to a three-Judge Bench of this Court in Union of India and Anr. etc. etc.
Sayeed is alive then we both will be Trustee of this Trust and all the rights regarding the management of the Trust will remain jointly and severally with both of us and this right will be received by both of us managers jointly.
In modern times, professionals and workers from India have involved themselves whole heartedly in the economic development and growth of Singapore.
And, I am confident that each one of these elders has much more to do and give before they call it a day.
Normally percolation tanks are designed for storage capacity of 0. 1 to 0. 5 MCM.
So, the short question, that arises for consideration in these appeals, is whether the High Court was justified in directing release of all the aforementioned accused persons during pendency of their appeals.
Learned counsel has further drawn our attention to the evidence of these witnesses on cross examination where she was confronted with the fact of alleged demand for dowry where the witness admitted that she had not stated before the police that accused were demanding T.V. and a golden chain.
While discussing dignity in euthanasia, the three models of dignity, namely, theological, philosophical and constitutional model, were highlighted.
The Delhi State Co - operative Bank Ltd.
No part of a statute can be rendered redundant in that manner.
Retaining of four BSF Constables for Personal work.
The Assessing Officer thereupon has not commented on the reply of the assessee, though he has recorded comments in respect of replies to other issues raised by him (see paragraph 7 of the assessment order).
Eight blocks have been demarcated for diamond exploration.
Justice Mukul Mudgal, on the other hand, concurred in the appointment of Justice Lahoti but held that Justice Doabia’s appointment was hit by certain clauses of the Fifth and Seventh Schedules to the Act and, therefore, that his mandate has terminated.
Learned senior counsel finally submitted that the suit is not maintainable and is contrary to law and facts and expressly hit by Order II Rule 2 of the Code and also barred by the principles of estoppel and res-judicata.
It is only the infirmities in the manner of service of notice that the Section seeks to cure.
It is only the infirmities in the manner of service of notice that the Section seeks to cure.
Under the first part, it must be proved that there was an intention to inflict the injury that is present and under the second part, it must be proved that the injury was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death.
This court decided this point against Kerala.
This feeling may come from the roots of absolute cynicism.
The Central Government continues to play a leading role in the evolution and monitoring of educational policies and programmes.
On appreciation of evidence, the Trial Court rejected the defence version and found it proved beyond reasonable doubt that the respondent did cause the fatal injury in question.
Notwithstanding, the said statement, it was necessary for the High Court to still go through the record to satisfy as to whether the conviction is properly recorded.
However, in no case, the authority shall afford more than one opportunity to the Contractor.
However, in no case, the authority shall afford more than one opportunity to the Contractor.
There is a clear distinction between a fund which is created by the Central Government and is administered by the Central Board under and a fund created by a private employer, exempted under and administered by Board of Trustees under and (b).
High percentage of AIDS amongst homosexuals shows that the act in dispute covered under IPC is a social evil and, therefore, the restriction on it is reasonable.
Direct proof of common intention is seldom available and, therefore, such intention can only be inferred from the circumstances appearing from the proved facts of the case and the proved circumstances.
Direct proof of common intention is seldom available and, therefore, such intention can only be inferred from the circumstances appearing from the proved facts of the case and the proved circumstances.
In the case before us, being a contract executed between the two parties, the court cannot adopt an approach for interpreting a statue.
Although, urbanization and industrialization is taking place, the industry has not developed sufficiently, and large part of our population is still required to depend on agriculture for sustenance.
Although, urbanization and industrialization is taking place, the industry has not developed sufficiently, and large part of our population is still required to depend on agriculture for sustenance.
Therefore, the High Court has failed to examine the above vital aspects of the case on hand and erroneously interfered with the award passed by the Labour Court in exercise of its extraordinary and supervisory jurisdiction under Articles 226 & 227 of the Constitution of India.
Such observation by the High Court overlooks the evidence of appellant-wife and the factual findings, as recorded by the Family Court.
The community it was observed may entertain these sentiments in the following circumstances: - (1).
The President stated that the Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme (RNTCP) has become one of India’s largest public health achievements.
He further alleges that this caused a wrongful loss to the complainant’s company by robbing its due chance to get a contract for the Boiler Plant Units at Korba.
This claim of the appellant does not stand in the present matter.
This claim of the appellant does not stand in the present matter.
The duty certificate was granted to me on 26.11.2012, on which Report No.567 time 16.30 was registered, in which there are clear directions.
The Division Bench then goes on to state that it is not possible to hold that any case of serious erosion in economic value has at all been made out, inasmuch as by 21.10.2014, when the draft order of amalgamation was made available to companies, the news of collapse of NSEL’s exchange was already in public domain.
It is opposed to the Rule of Law.
Minor to sue by next friend.–Every suit by a minor shall be instituted in his name by a person who in such suit shall be called the next friend of the minor.
However, the average annual income of the society in the last 3 financial years is approximately Rs.1.17 crores.
However, the average annual income of the society in the last 3 financial years is approximately Rs.1.17 crores.
Central Board of Excise and Customs (External website that opens in a new window) (CBEC) is a part of the Department of Revenue under the Ministry of Finance, Government of India.
The prosecution, in order to substantiate the allegations against the accused, examined PWs 1 to 6 and marked the documents, Exhts.
Period of limitation shall commence from the date of recall the notice issued on 18.6.1988 vide Ext.3 under Sec.30 of the S.F.C. Act.
It is submitted that in the case of K. Shyam Kumar (supra), this Court was considering the administrative decision/order and while considering such administrative order/decision, this Court observed that the subsequent events/reports can be considered while considering the legality and validity of the original action/order in the public interest.
They were not parties thereto.
They also may show slow loss of vocabulary, short - term memory, the ability to learn new material, and the ability to recall words.
Most successful start - ups are the result of long hours and hard work.
In case, she accepts the direction issued by the High Court, the DNA test will determine conclusively the veracity of accusation levelled by the respondent-husband, against her.
Though, the powers of the appellate court in considering the appeals against acquittal are as extensive as its powers in appeals against convictions but the appellate court is generally loath in disturbing the finding of fact recorded by the trial court.
Thus, where the NIA Act applies, the original application for bail shall lie only before the Special Court, and appeal against the orders therein shall lie only to a bench of two Judges of the High Court.
Drought are monitored by deriving aridity anomalies on a fortnightly basis in the kharif season and weekly basis in the northeast monsoon season over the southern peninsula.
Writing in 1917, Marriott, a British Scholar, defined the Eastern Question as ‘the problem of filling up the vacuum created by the gradual disappearance of the Turkish Empire from Europe’.
This is a very subjective question.
Provided that, when the complaint is made in writing, the Magistrate need not examine the complainant and the witnesses— (a) if a public servant acting or purporting to act in the discharge of his official duties or a Court has made the complaint; or (b) if the Magistrate makes over the case for inquiry or trial to another Magistrate under section 192: Provided further that if the Magistrate makes over the case to another Magistrate under section 192 after examining the complainant and the witnesses, the latter Magistrate need not re-examine them.
December 2017, I personally went to Shaniwar Wada, opposite Ground, Pune, on around 2‟o clock in this concern programme conduct by Sagar Gokhale, role describer Sudhir Dhavale, singer and artist Jyoti Jagtap, Ramesh Gaychor and other speakers like Jignesh Mewani, Umar Kahlid, Vinay Ratansingh, Prasanth Dontha etc.
The process of delivery of judgment commenced on 12.09.2006 when the Court pronounced its verdict on the guilt or otherwise of specific accused.
On 02.03.1993, he came back to Dubai where Tiger Memon gave 200 Dirhams to each one of them and administered oath on Quran to take revenge against Hindus for demolition of Babri Masjid and their tyranny perpetrated on them.
In the said case this Court held that when appointments are made in contravention of mandatory provisions of the Act and statutory rules framed therein and in ignorance of essential qualifications, the same would be illegal and cannot be regularized by the State.
In the said case this Court held that when appointments are made in contravention of mandatory provisions of the Act and statutory rules framed therein and in ignorance of essential qualifications, the same would be illegal and cannot be regularized by the State.
This shows his steely mind, single-mindedness, courage and determination.
Section 92 of the Australian Constitution stipulates that “on the imposition of uniform duties of customs, trade, commerce and intercourse among the states whether by means of internal carriage or ocean navigation shall be absolutely free .
Dr Reddy was the first Chief Minister of united Andhra Pradesh and became Chief Minister twice.
To avoid any controversy, in the event of termination of lease the practice followed by the courts is to permit the landlord to receive each month by way of compensation for the use and occupation of the premises, an amount equal to the monthly rent payable by the tenant.
Users can find information about the cause lists, judgements, case status, daily orders, consumer advocates and procedure to lodge a complaint.
Since the recruitment and other service matters of these teachers are under the domain of State Govts. and UTs, the salary and pay fixation for these teachers was done by the respective States and UTs.
Chapter Ill Views of Judges, Senior Advocates, High Court Advocates’ Associations on the proposal to amend article 348 of the Constitution of India
The Chairman of the Law Commission addressed letters to some of the retired Chief Justices and Judges of the Supreme Court of India, Senior Advocates from different parts of India and also from the different Bar Associations in different States.
It has to perform investigative and supervisory functions.
So far as routine matters like service of process, form that the action must take and whether any special procedure is permissible, the title of the action (e.g. by what person and against what persons it should be brought); the competency of witnesses and question as to the admissibility of evidence, the respective functions of Judge and Jury; the right of appeal, and (according to some writers) the burden of proof — these are clearly procedural matters.
If the confession made by an accused is voluntary and true, it is admissible against co-accused as a substantive piece of evidence and minor and curable irregularities in recording of confession, such as omission in obtaining the certificate of the competent officer with respect to the confession do not affect the admissibility of the said evidence.
Infertility in cattle accounts for major economic losses in dairy farming and dairy industry in India.
The Chairman may, on his motion, transfer any case pending before one Bench to another without notice.
In his message, the President has said, 'I was deeply saddened to learn of the demise, last evening, of His Majesty, King Bhumibol Adulyadej.
Most of the flats have been handed over and registry has been done.
It is made clear that this Court has not expressed anything on merits of the case so far as the entitlement of the petitioners are concerned.
If the later law is not capable of taking the place of the earlier law and for some reason cannot be implemented, the earlier law would continue to operate.
If the later law is not capable of taking the place of the earlier law and for some reason cannot be implemented, the earlier law would continue to operate.
If the later law is not capable of taking the place of the earlier law and for some reason cannot be implemented, the earlier law would continue to operate.
If the later law is not capable of taking the place of the earlier law and for some reason cannot be implemented, the earlier law would continue to operate.
The repeal Act is in force in the States of Haryana, Punjab, Uttar Pradesh, Gujarat, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Odisha and all the Union Territories.
Under Section 16A Wealth Tax Officer can make a reference to Valuation Officer for any asset for valuation.
He is entitled to his right of privacy.
It will be open for all parties and intervenors/proposed intervenors to file their respective affidavits.
It has emphasized on rapid educational development to bring tribals into the mainstream of the population.
The Court started the discussion by pointing out the distinction between active and passive euthanasia and observed that “the general legal position all over the world seems to be that while active euthanasia is illegal unless there is legislation permitting it, passive euthanasia is legal even without legislation provided certain conditions and safeguards are maintained .
There is nothing to show that Mr. Bhavani Singh was appointed as a Special Counsel by the State of Karnataka for the appeals filed by the accused persons in the High Court.
In the premise aforesaid, the appeal is allowed and the impugned order is set aside.
Modified version thereof has now been approved as recent as on 7 th December, 2018 which takes care of the speedy disposal as well as periodical payments to be made to the young victims over a period of time.
The relevant part of the order is extracted below: 4 Subsequently, an order was passed in revision by the Commissioner of Commercial Taxes (Karnataka), Bangalore, holding that the orders of AAR were erroneous and prejudicial to the interests of the revenue.
Thus, at this stage appreciation of evidence is impermissible.
In the face of such blatant misuse, the grant of ex-post-facto approvals was not called for.
May the life and teachings of Guru Teg Bahadur and the humanism that he stood for guide us on our path at all times.
Also, SMS centre column is blank.
None of them have even approached any Court of law.
Hence, the only question that we have to decide is whether mining could have been permitted or could be permitted within a certain distance from the boundaries of the National Park or Wildlife Sanctuary in the State of Goa.
In that case, an FIR was lodged mentioning a number of accused persons including the appellants as having participated in the occurrence which resulted in the death of the deceased.
In that case, an FIR was lodged mentioning a number of accused persons including the appellants as having participated in the occurrence which resulted in the death of the deceased.
Such a provision simply recognises the commercial reality that the nature and significance to the parties of a condition in a contract may change over time or at a point in time.
On a comprehensive consideration of the Regulation, Rules and the General Principles as applicable, the service profile of the respondent and the proceedings of the Medical Board, we are constrained to hold that he had been wrongly denied the benefit of disability pension.
On a comprehensive consideration of the Regulation, Rules and the General Principles as applicable, the service profile of the respondent and the proceedings of the Medical Board, we are constrained to hold that he had been wrongly denied the benefit of disability pension.
Judicial review is intended as a check against arbitrary conduct of individuals holding constitutional posts.
But the fact remains that there is no material on record to connect that the gunshot injuries suffered by the deceased are due to the shots fired from the gun of the appellant.
The BIFR finally issued certain directions, one of which was sanctioning the rehabilitation scheme under and of SICA for implementation by all concerned.
The State Government has been making all efforts to attract investment into this industry.
Ans: All the software tools and fonts provided are meant for non - commercial purposes. Training request may be sent separately.
The burden of proof is on those who seek to establish the existence and continuing validity and applicability of an advance directive.
All comments submitted by the parties will be brought to the Court's attention.
Freedom of social and political association is guaranteed to citizens under Personal association is still a doubtful area.61 The decision making process regarding the freedom of association, freedoms of travel and residence are purely private and fall within the realm of the right of privacy.
A first information report was also lodged which was found to be stage managed.
This would ensure that the ability of nuclear families to take proper care of senior citizens is not impeded by shortage of trained geriatric care givers.
This provides, inter alia, that site clearance will be granted for a mining operation by the Central Government and that site clearance will be valid for a period of five years for commencing the operation or mining.
While science can always progress further, and those progressions may have Fourth Amendment consequences, alleles at the CODIS loci are not at present revealing information beyond identification.
The amount involved was about Rs.45 crores.
He submitted that looking at the facts of the case, the High Court rightly came to the conclusion that the appellant was not only present in the Court on those two days i.e. on 16.4.2003 and 13.5.2003, but the appellant had also misbehaved and misconducted in such a manner that his conduct was contemptuous and therefore, the proceedings under the Act had to be initiated against him.
Accordingly, the Government of Goa has been undertaking several infrastructural projects to encourage private sector participation and investment.
As per development plan has to be published in the Gazette.
Mere apprehension of breach of peace would not constitute any emergency, therefore, the said order does not appear to me to be in consonance with the established law and deserves to be set-aside particularly in light of the law also cited above.
This is an aspect which needs to be looked into by the High Courts in consultation with the district judiciary.
Commission made adequate efforts to collect the facts and this collation in the first report was possible with the assistance of the mining lease holders and their learned counsel and representatives as well as the government authorities and FIMI and FICCI.
It is also now a settled principle of law that the concept of ownership in a landlord-tenant litigation governed by Rent control laws has to be distinguished from the one in a title suit.
The third crop ―Puncha‖ grown from January end to early May was a summer crop, which however could not be allowed because of non-availability of rainfall support.
We are in respectful agreement with the aforesaid opinion.
In the first instance, it needs to be emphasised that there is no such condition of completion of construction within a period of two years in the sale deed.
Fourth, this Commission believes that simultancously with reform of substan- tive and procedural laws, its Gask, constitutionally conceived, requires it to formul- ate chages in the institutions of the law as well, Normative revolutions without corresponding institutional renavation create merely ‘symbolic’ reform exercises and carn, through unfulfilled expeciations, for the processes and institutions of law reform a just measure of cynicism and contempt in course of time. This, in turn, rubs off to the symbolism of the law itself creating exhorbitant social costs .— including disrespect for the law -which a developing nation like ours simply can- not afford.
When the tariff order itself is subject to periodic review it is difficult to see how incorporation of a particular tariff prevailing on the date of commissioning of the power project can be understood to bind the power producer for the entire duration of the plant life (20 years) as has been envisaged by Clause 4.6 of the PPA in the case of Junagadh.
With this brief background of the litigation, we advert to the events that have taken place in some detail.
The report said that the bodies collecting, analysing, and storing DNA data should be made to release an annual report, detailing their practices and organisational structure.
Petitioner shall not leave the NCR of Delhi.
And that, if the advice of the Chief Justice of India, had proceeded on extraneous or non germane considerations, the same would be subject to judicial review, just as the President’s final decision, if he were to disregard the advice of the Chief Justice of India, but for justified and cogent reasons.
In view of BSO No. 10 referred to above, we need not unduly trouble ourselves with the metaphysical analysis whether jenmom rights still subsist in lands of Malabar area or whether they are converted into ryotwari lands.
Public servant is not entitled to indulge in criminal activities.
In the present case, in view of the fact that even after the order passed by the Subordinate Judge the respondent-husband has not allowed the appellant-wife to reside in the shared household matrimonial house, we hold that there is a continuance of domestic violence committed by the respondent-husband against the appellant-wife.
Nor do they react uniformly.
Where the issue of oral direction becomes unavoidable, the official superior shall confirm it in writing immediately thereafter.
Where the issue of oral direction becomes unavoidable, the official superior shall confirm it in writing immediately thereafter.
Thus, it would be open to the appellant to argue, when the clauses of the contract dated 5. 1. 1996 come up for interpretation, that the same should be interpreted applying the English law.
Three questions, basically, arise in this appeal.
Indeed, many judges in many courts, including the Supreme Court, do not know Hindi and, therefore, cannot read or understand judgments if produced in Hindi.
On 3rd February, 1993, this accused (A-25) on being called reached in front of Bashir’s house in Borli.
The Single Judge as well as the Division Bench of the High Court also erred in not considering the above aspect at all.
The weight of the opium was 9 Kg. 600 gms.
We do comprehend that the power of Returning Officer to reject the nomination paper must be exercised very sparingly but the bar should not be laid so high that the justice itself is prejudiced.
On noticing the acquittal of the candidates, the cases of respondents were referred to Screening Committee.
The observation made by CMM as extracted above, by giving opinion using the expression that appellant has committed forgery ought to have been avoided.
It offers protection against loss of income and compensate the titleholders of the policy.
Further, we have noticed the settled law that an Official Liquidator steps into the shoes of the Director of the company in liquidation and performs his statutory functions in accordance with the directives of the Court.
The purpose of stating so is that it is a complete code in itself and the Tribunal has the exclusive jurisdiction for the purpose of sale of the properties for realisation of the dues of the banks and financial institutions.
I wish success in your endeavour.
I wish success in your endeavour.
I wish success in your endeavour.
Death of the person liable to render the account for property received by him does not therefore affect the liability of his estate.
We should, therefore, while determining whether any act, omission, commission or conduct of the respondent constitutes “domestic violence , have a common sense/balanced approach, after weighing up the various factors which exist in a particular relationship and then reach a conclusion as to whether a particular relationship is a relationship in the “nature of marriage .
We have referred several matrimonial disputes to mediation centres.
Per contra, it is urged by Mr. Rakesh Khanna, learned Additional Solicitor General and Mr. Vivek Chib, learned advocate appearing for the respondent, state that the learned trial Judge as well as the High Court has correctly placed reliance on the testimony of the official witnesses and there is no mandatory rule that non-examination of independent witnesses in all circumstances would vitiate the trial.
The investigation shall continue to be carried out by the CBI but shall be monitored closely by Mr. Rajiv Singh, Joint Director, CBI.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee will present the Hindi Sevi Samman for the years 2012, 2013 and 2014 tomorrow (April 19, 2016) at a function to be held at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Their ability to lead healthy and fruitful lives should be ensured by the Government.
On this logic, therefore, a just society has to be a caring society.
It is this dissolution of the Appellate Board, which necessitated the legislature to make a corresponding provision in the new Act (FEMA) so that the consequences arising out of the dissolution of the Appellate Board constituted under FERA is taken care of by another appellate authority constituted under the FEMA and all pending appeals are automatically transferred to the Appellate Board for their disposal under FEMA.
It was directed as well that if even after such adjustment, the amount fell short of the quantum of fine, the gold and diamond ornaments, seized and produced before the court (after setting apart 7040 gms. of gold with proportionate diamond jewellery) be sold to RBI or SBI or by public auction so as to meet the deficit.
Consequently, the value is provisional.
One can also access the daily cause lists, orders, and judgements etc.
This Agreement and any dispute of claims arising out of or in connection with its subject matter are governed by and construed in accordance with the Law of India.
Observation in the court was to be the form of training.
It so happened that vide , 2004, the Education Cess and Higher Education Cess were also imposed, which are surcharge on the excise duty.
150 The appeal is allowed in the above terms.
When an auction-purchaser is declared to be the highest bidder and the auction is declared to have been concluded certain rights accrue to him and he becomes entitled to conveyance of the property through the court on his paying the balance unless the sale is not confirmed by the court.
When an auction-purchaser is declared to be the highest bidder and the auction is declared to have been concluded certain rights accrue to him and he becomes entitled to conveyance of the property through the court on his paying the balance unless the sale is not confirmed by the court.
In case none of the vacancies falls on point reserved for the SCs, the disabled candidate belonging to SC shall be adjusted in future against the next available vacancy reserved for SCs.
However, in the said case, the Court directed monetary payment to the tune of twice the amount advanced by the plaintiff.
Thus, it becomes very important to segregate the two elements completely for if some element of transfer of property in goods remains when a service tax is levied, the said levy would be found to be constitutionally infirm.
This writ petition was allowed on 14.08.2012 and the matter was remanded back to the HPC.
If necessary, a suitable savings clause should be inserted in the repealing Act.
C. The dead body of Raj was sent for post-mortem.
On each aspect of the matter, the learned Additional Solicitor General, independently supported the legal propositions canvassed on behalf of the Union of India.
He retired as Managing Director of State Bank of Patiala, while under deputation from State Bank of India (SBI).
We have enumerated the reasons ascribed by the learned trial Judge and the concurrence given by the High Court, but to satisfy our conscience, we have thought it seemly to peruse the evidence with all insight and concern by ourselves.
We have enumerated the reasons ascribed by the learned trial Judge and the concurrence given by the High Court, but to satisfy our conscience, we have thought it seemly to peruse the evidence with all insight and concern by ourselves.
The Commission shall seek nomination from the Chief Justice of the concerned High Court for the purpose of recommending for appointment a person to be a Judge of that High Court.
The petitioner was present at the Cabinet Review Meeting dated 28.01.1994 and Board Meeting dated 31.01.1994, where the decision relating to discontinuance of project financing/providing financial assistance was taken, and thus, the instant factual position was within petitioner’s personal knowledge.
If a husband has contracted marriage with another woman or keeps a mistress, it shall be considered to be just ground for his wife’s refusal to live with him.
In a series of mountain - building movements commencing about 70 million years ago, the sediments and the basement rocks rose to great heights.
The water fowl population included 16 resident and 25 migratory species.
Ka-32 dated 15.10.1994 clearly shows that even as per the version of appellant Rajiv Kumar, he was validly allotted a plot in Sector-44, for which conversion charges were also levied on the appellant and instead of accepting the allotment and paying the conversion charges in lieu thereof, the appellant defiantly declined to abide by the rules of NOIDA.
The Registry is directed to communicate this order to the Chairman of the Arbitral Tribunal, as well as, to the Second Arbitrator to enable them to enter upon the reference and decide the matter as expeditiously as possible.
Learned counsel for the petitioners have referred to and relied on several materials in support of their submissions that working of Section 7 has caused exclusion.
Foreign companies are taxed only on income which arises from operations carried out in India or, in certain cases, on income which is deemed to have arisen in India.
The court should, before admitting any document into evidence or acting upon such document, examine whether the instrument/document is duly stamped and whether it is an instrument which is compulsorily registerable.
In fact, the statute has to be read as a whole.
This goal links up with issues like the mode of funding for healthcare, the extent of coverage to be given; stakeholders who would be need to be drawn in to make it functional; how to expand medical education and encourage medical research.
An agreement by which the owner or a person holding other rights in an immovable property grants rights to a third party to carry on development for a monetary consideration payable by the developer to the other.
Whether, fifth respondent can continue as the Special Public Prosecutor in the criminal appeals before the High Court of Karnataka.
The court will scrutinise whether the satisfaction in a particular case constitutes a fraud on power or was actuated by an oblique motive.
He said India remains committed to supporting infrastructure development in Rwanda.
It was pointed out, that even the Speaker himself had no power or discretion to review the order of disqualification dated 15.12.2015 (as in the present case).
They meet the potential customers and explain the usefulness of their product.
The orders rejecting those petitions were not appealed against.
He has spoken about the examination of the said articles sent to his laboratory and the result thereof.
Having lost before all courts including this Court in the Special Leave Petition under , UDA had no option but to transfer the lease.
In addition to the judgment rendered by this Court in Nishant Aggarwal’s case, another bench of this Court has also arrived at the conclusion drawn in Nishant Aggarwal’s case, on the pointed issue under consideration.
Its decision must be informed and impregnated with reasons.
The Registry is directed to communicate this order to the sole Arbitrator to enable him to enter upon the reference and decide the matter as expeditiously as possible.
In dealing with this issue, the court needs to assess whether the word “defendant  in has the effect of confining the scope of the suit for specific performance only to a particular class (consisting of owners) or whether a purposive interpretation to the legislation would be required, so as to provide a broader set of remedies to both owners and developers.
The Company 's logo - every company being established should have a logo in place, which could be an image, design or picture representing the company' s ideology pictographically.
This tear is continuing upward involving sigmoid colon descending colon which is splayed open.
Meanwhile on 2nd November, 2007, the IDA cancelled the lease of the MPRTC for violation of the lease terms by running the RTO.
During trial, Dr. Gajanand Hegade (DW.2) has endorsed the opinion of the appellant and has gone to the extent of saying that it was the best possible option for the treatment of the patient.
Announcements related to schemes / grants / scholarships / fellowships etc.
Our freedom fighters, as they struggled for independence, fought not only to break the shackles of foreign rule but also to remove the social ills and regressive practices then prevalent in our society.
A summary court- martial may be held by the commanding officer of any corps, department or detachment of the regular Army, and he shall alone constitute the court.
Best quality grapes produced in the State are now exported to other countries.
Diabolic nature of the crime and the manner of committing crime, as reflected in committing gang rape with the victim; forcing her to perform oral sex, injuries on the body of the deceased by way of bite marks; insertion of iron rod in her private parts and causing fatal injuries to her private parts and other internal injuries; pulling out her internal organs which caused sepsis and ultimately led to her death; throwing the victim and the complainant (PW 1) naked in the cold wintery night and trying to run the bus over them.
The demand fell on receptive years in the year 1977… maybe because in that-year the Left Front Government came to power in that State, as suggested by the writ petitioners.
Therefore, the case set up by him is that he has purchased food grains from local market and supplied.
After being unsuccessful before the reference court and in writ petition before the Single Judge, the land owners got relief by the Division Bench of the High Court on the ground that in any event they could not be deprived of their statutory right of obtaining solatium and interest in terms of the Act.
It was ultimately held that the order of the Rent Controller striking out the defence of the tenant in the facts of that case was improper.
The instructions require the State Government to issue NARC only after due verification from the concerned sources.
The rich reserves of minerals in Odisha have led to the establishment of several mineral based industries in the State.
The deposition of the said witnesses and other prosecution witnesses were found to be reliable and trustworthy by the Trial Court and it has recorded the findings of fact on charges, with reason upon which the High Court also gave a concurrent finding of fact.
Once that assumption is discounted or disregarded, nothing more survives for consideration.
Once that assumption is discounted or disregarded, nothing more survives for consideration.
Sectors such as agriculture (particularly soil and water management, human and animal nutrition, fisheries), water, health, education, industry, energy including renewable energy, communication and transportation would be accorded highest priority. Key leverage technologies such as information technology, biotechnology and materials science and technology would be given special importance.
In the main report, these various reports have been analysed and it is noted that the growth and spread of crime syndicates in Indian society has been pervasive.
Writ Petition No.18535 of 2002 passed by the High Court of Judicature at Allahabad and allow the appeals.
I congratulate you all on your journey so far and reaching this important milestone.
But in case such transfer follows a policy decision taken by Government, his services in the previous post shall count for seniority.
Today, cricketers from New Zealand are household names in every part of India.
We must also observe here that whatever justification there may have been in 1973 when [of the Tamil Nadu Buildings (Lease and Rent Control) Act, 1960] was amended by imposing a ceiling of Rs 400 on rent payable by tenants of residential buildings to entitle them to seek the protection of the Act, the passage of time has made the ceiling utterly unreal.
DGM and Nodal Officer of Rajbhasha Prabhag also participate in the meetings.
Even though it is not necessary for the Resolution Professional to give reasons while submitting a resolution plan to the Committee of Creditors, it would be in the fitness of things if he appends the due diligence report carried out by him with respect to each of the resolution plans under consideration, and to state briefly as to why it does or does not conform to the law.
Apprehending violence, two policemen were posted in the village.
But when the Judges or at least one of them, who rendered the judgment, continues to be members or member of the court and available to perform normal duties, all efforts should be made to place it before them.
The President is given a discretion about consulting judges of the Supreme Court and High Courts but in the case of appointments of a Judge other than the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice of India shall always be consulted.
However, the Insolvency Law Committee [―ILC‖], in its Report of March 2018 dealt with debenture holders and fixed deposit holders, who are also financial creditors, and are numerous.
It is inherent in every sovereign State by exercising its power of eminent domain to expropriate private property without owner’s consent.
In this regard the Authority may frame regulations.
This will help in generation of data on pollution caused by the bursting of firecrackers and would be helpful for regulation and control quantity of Aluminum, Barium and Iron used in the manufacture of firecrackers.
By adopting the valuation on square feet method and by applying the rate of Rs.28,000/- per square, the High Court computed the value of new/additional building with all its accessories and furnishings to be Rs.5,10,54,060/-.
Be it stated, as the Single Judge had not granted interest, the division bench thought it appropriate to grant interest at the rate 12% per annum on arrears amount of pension.
Su: MP, GSI, Bhopal.
There cannot be any kind of interference or influence on the investigating agency and no one should be put through the harassment of a criminal trial unless there are good and substantial reasons for holding it.
It was submitted that while the State of Sikkim has complied with the said provision, other States are silent in that regard.
In the result, I am not inclined to interfere with the impugned order of the Division Bench of the High Court dated 17.08.2011 quashing the selection and appointment of Mr. Harish Dhanda as Chairman of the Punjab Public Service Commission, but I set aside the judgment dated 17.08.2011 of the Full Bench of the High Court.
It was an application where a specific prayer has been made with reference to Lake Development Authority's report dated 12.06.2013 and the Ministry of Environment Forest and Climate Change Monitoring Committee report dated 14.08.2013 for restoration of ecologically sensitive land and for maintaining sensitive area in its natural condition so that ecological balance of the area is not disturbed.
We have also dilated upon the import and significance of the Handwriting Expert report by whom it was opined that the 'receipt' was signed by Dr. Sultana Ibrahim.
In other words, it is a problem of “development , a process of planned social change through continuing exercise of public power.
The Hearing Committee was also not convinced with the explanation given by the petitioners about their claim of 6 (six) minor operations as the college had failed to produce supporting documents and evidence in that regard.
As we notice, the provision treats a married woman as a property of the husband.
Towards this aim, the banknotes received back from circulation are examined and those fit for circulation are reissued and the others (soiled and mutilated) are destroyed so as to maintain the quality of banknotes in circulation.
The implied grant is, of course, limited by the express grant and, therefore, it can only be such powers as are truly incidental and ancillary for doing all such acts or employing all such means as are reasonably necessary to make the grant effective.
As per the , the Commissions consist of the Chief Information Commissioner and upto 10 Information Commissioners, appointed by the President of India at the Central level and by the Governor in the States, on the recommendation of a Committee.
It is quite clear that there is a distribution of power through a system of checks and balances rather than a classical separation of power between the Legislature, the Executive and the Judiciary.
The Executive Engineer, by order dated 08.06.2010, passed the revised order limiting the demand to Rs.50,891/-.
Gypsum, however, is a forest produce.
Judicial finding of guilty of grave crime is misconduct.
The Tribunal noted that the registration certificate of the offending vehicle continued to be in the name of the First respondent.
It is a rule of prudence.
We do not think that the death penalty was warranted in this case.
In 84 acres of land acquired even if one portion on one sides abuts the main road, the remaining large area where planned development is required, needs laying of internal roads, drainage, sewer, water, electricity lines, providing civic amenities, etc.
The initial symptoms and signs in women include a painful or burning sensation when urinating, increased vaginal discharge, or vaginal bleeding between periods.
It will be seen from this provision that, unlike Sections 34(5) and (6), if an award is made beyond the stipulated or extended period contained in the section, the consequence of the mandate of the arbitrator being terminated is expressly provided.
All concerned shall take steps to ensure weighment of the coal when it is received by Coal India Ltd.
This is all the more so, when the courts below have recorded concurrent findings of fact holding that the testimony of the witnesses is credible and acceptable.
This is all the more so, when the courts below have recorded concurrent findings of fact holding that the testimony of the witnesses is credible and acceptable.
Humanitarian factors such as migrations from affected areas, suicides, extreme distress, the plight of women and children are some of the factors that ought to be kept in mind by State Governments in matters pertaining to drought and the Government of India in updating and revising the Manual.
Accordingly, all defects on account of faulty manufacture in workmanship have to be set right and the defective parts have to be replaced, free of cost, by the manufacturer or his dealer, within a specified period of time or a given distance travelled by the car.
None of the animals had the JK number given to them by the Animal Welfare Board of India on their horns, which is a registration requirement.
This was noted in the orders dated April 13, 2018 and the State Governments as well as Union Territories, who had already been supplied with the copy of the draft scheme by the Ministry itself, were asked to furnish their comments by May 31, 2018 to the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The submission is that rural India is heavily indebted and particularly agriculturists who constitute a majority of our rural population are deeply indebted and reportedly a large number of agriculturists have been committing suicides as they are not able to bear the burden of indebtedness.
If it were possible for a cause - and - effect relationship to exist between events A and C, then paradoxes of causality would result.
It would always be a case depending upon the materials produced and there would be no bar for an expert body to come to a definite conclusion about adoption of malpractice in an examination even in the absence of a report of the invigilator to that effect.
In this analysis, the opinion in the impugned Judgment incorrectly concludes that the High Court is bereft or devoid of power to jurisdiction upon a petition which firstly pleads surrender and, thereafter, prays for bail.
It should be discussed on a wider platform such as the United Nations.
However, the High Court adjudicated the case on merits and awarded compensation to the landowner(s) at the rate of Rs.75 per katha.
Information about relevant Acts and Rules is provided.
Article 98(1) says that a person holding office of a Judge of the Supreme Court or a Judge of a High Court shall vacate office on attaining the age of 65 years.
It is a comprehensive project for the further planned development in the district.
Proviso to empowered the State Government to extend the period for sanction of the draft Development plan or refusal thereof.
Thus the conduct of the accused of not taking the victim to the hospital points a finger of doubt upon him.
Create a conducive environment for the investors.
A statute creates a legal fiction to achieve a legislative purpose.
Thomas Cooley in his “Treatise on the Constitutional Limitations which rest upon the Legislative power of the States of the American Union[127]  provides a jurisprudential foundation to the taxing power in the following observations : “Taxes are defined to be burdens or charges imposed by the legislative power upon persons or property, to raise money for public purposes.
If instead of public servants, a person is appointed whose pay, allowances and other incidentals are not paid out of the public exchequer but directly paid by a private employer such as Respondent 4, for whom the right of user is being acquired and by whom the compensation is payable, persons interested in the land will have reasonable grounds for assuming that such a competent authority, who is dependent on a private corporation for his salary, allowances, accommodation and transport allowances, will have a bias in favour of the private corporation.
The High Court also directed UDA to obtain the best price for the land by putting it to public auction.
But the fact remains that there was enmity between the two sides and there is reliable evidence on record to establish that the appellant was involved in the murder of deceased Kailash Rai.
It occupies about 70 per cent of the total area under cultivation and constitutes about 75 per cent of the total food production in the State.
It is a remedy determined and decided on case-to-case basis dependent on the facts of each case, the disposition of the court hearing the case etc.°3; which makes this remedy arbitrary, episodic and indeterminate.
We are not concerned in this Appeal with the Provisos or Explanations to or to other sub-Sections and shall therefore not advert to them any further.
Therefore, in his presence, the respondents-constables cannot be held as responsible for taking the decision to permit the further transportation of the said goods.
Therefore, in his presence, the respondents-constables cannot be held as responsible for taking the decision to permit the further transportation of the said goods.
The company had its premises at Kosikala, District Mathura, Uttar Pradesh.
On being asked as to why the appellant had kept the same, A-116 replied that he placed the same as nobody could have seen it as he was not at his house.
The publication, covering period from April to March, is generally released around November / December.
Panchnama Exh.-35 was prepared in the presence of a witness.
At the same time, it is the functional disability which has to be kept in mind.
At the same time, it is the functional disability which has to be kept in mind.
It is indeed a matter of great pride and reassurance to the entire nation that the uniformed and civilian personnel of the Navy have been serving the nation with utmost devotion and dedication.
To the South of Samrat Yantra, there is an amazing instrument called Jai Prakash, which has two concave hemispherical structures used for determining the position of the Sun and celestial bodies.
To the South of Samrat Yantra, there is an amazing instrument called Jai Prakash, which has two concave hemispherical structures used for determining the position of the Sun and celestial bodies.
Rules were amended on 23rd July, 2009 not to extend the term of the Chairman and the WTM from three to five years.
Only after the receipt of the final decision of the concerned department further action can be possible.
The Government of Karnataka accepted the same and issued a notification dated 2.02.2013 appointing Mr. Bhavani Singh as Special Public Prosecutor.
A simple repeal of an Act leaves no room for expression of a contrary opinion.
Contributions made by a person for expenditure in his business or otherwise for his own benefit cannot be regarded as his income ...
The rights granted in this Article are not exclusive of any other rights or remedies available at law or in equity.
PW.5 appeared in the Court and in examination-in-chief question was put to him that whether he was unconscious at the time when he was admitted in Government Hospital, Guntur and when he regained his consciousness.
The retirement age of such semi skilled workers will be 60 years and their services will be rendered for pensionable period.
We have no manner of doubt that the case in hand falls in the category of the rarest of the rare cases and the trial court had correctly inflicted the death sentence which had rightly been confirmed by the High Court.
India and Indonesia are friendly neighbours with historical contacts and civilizational interaction that have enriched both societies.
The Respondent is not a creature of a statute and there are no statutory duties or obligations imposed on the Respondent.
Assistance is provided to the States for implementation of these programmes based on the Work Plans prepared by them according to regional needs.
The mantra must be to promote what has the potential to deliver value to the market and limit that which doesn’t.
The circumstances have to be examined cumulatively.
District Industrial Profile provides information about industry at a glance, clusters available in the district, potential industries etc in the State.
Such a stand taken by the petitioners before the High Court was rightly rejected.
We fully endorse the view taken by High Court that both the Husband and Wife intended to give property into charities and the Will clearly specified the list of charities and the committee of three persons who was to perform the charities.
Palupatti means list of properties partitioned.
This in our view could not have been done by the State Government as one can infer even at a glance that the same being contrary to the rules, could not have granted it for a period of 99 years.
This in our view could not have been done by the State Government as one can infer even at a glance that the same being contrary to the rules, could not have granted it for a period of 99 years.
It is pleaded that multiple patents can cover a single product.
A meeting of National Innovation Clubs was held at Rashtrapati Bhavan yesterday (March 15, 2016) on the fourth day of the ongoing Festival of Innovations (March12-19, 2016).
According to the drawer of the cheque, amount and the name has been written not by the drawer but by somebody else or by the payee and tried to get it encashed.
Taking note of the aforesaid fact i.e. refusal of injunction, the District Authority, once again, sought for a report from the Sub-Divisional Officer whether NOC can be granted.
Taking note of the aforesaid fact i.e. refusal of injunction, the District Authority, once again, sought for a report from the Sub-Divisional Officer whether NOC can be granted.
That 201 was held to be contempt.
Criminalization of politics is the bane of society and negation of democracy.
By the 2004 amendment, there has been realignment of certain goods including the impugned goods.
Jordan’s profile in our food security is growing – with additional supplies of phosphate minerals, including from the joint venture plant jointly inaugurated with Your Majesty during my recent visit to Amman.
Mr. Subrata Roy Sahara, in his capacity as promoter, and the other concerned directors, so agitated with our order.
It is true that a lot can be said about the independence of CBI as a premier Investigating Agency but so long as there is nothing substantial affecting its credibility it remains a premier Investigating Agency.
It is true that a lot can be said about the independence of CBI as a premier Investigating Agency but so long as there is nothing substantial affecting its credibility it remains a premier Investigating Agency.
In the case of Tilak Raj (supra), the prosecutrix was an adult and matured lady of around 40 years at the time of the incident.
If the departmental proceedings and the criminal case are based on identical and similar set of facts and the charge in the criminal case against the delinquent employee is of a grave nature which involves complicated questions of law and fact, it would be desirable to stay the departmental proceedings till the conclusion of the criminal case.
Please note that the above details may change from time to time and as per the approval of PFRDA.
In general, these numbers reflect on the tendency of contemnors to act derogatorily with reference to the judiciary and interfere with the administration of justice, which cannot be acceptable.
It was also urged that the object of such deposit is to prevent unnecessary prolongation of the proceedings and accumulation of Collector’s liability for interest.
She has been involved in handling cases of child sexual abuse, street children and working children and has also undertaken various studies on child rights.
When the power is exercised suo motu then is not applicable.
A-18 notice was actually issued on instructions by the landlord.
Its unique beauty is said to have inspired several major architectural innovations, culminating in the construction of the unparalleled Taj Mahal.
The offer shall be in writing and shall set out in the price and other terms and conditions.
The appeals stand disposed of with the above directions and, accordingly, the judgment and order passed by the Division Bench is modified.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee yesterday (February 16, 2015) received His Excellency Mr. Maithripala Sirisena, President of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and Mrs. Jayanthi Sirisena at Rashtrapati Bhavan. He also hosted a banquet in their honour.
Remedial measures suggested in the report with respect to water quality, maintaining the pH value from 6.8 to 7.2, cleaning of Jyotirlingam, also requires to be observed in the best possible manner by the Committee and ambient temperature be maintained from 17 to 20 degree Celsius.
It is apparent from the definition that charitable purpose includes relief of the poor, education and medical needs.
The Audit Report clearly indicates that the valuable feedback arising out from the three incidents which were reviewed, which indicated the incident at KAPS led to strengthening the design of the nuclear power stations in the country.
We are seeking the meaning of the words which Parliament used.
It has been decided to organize + 2 level of higher secondary schools under 10 + 2 + 3 pattern in accordance with the National Education Policy, 1986/1992.
It has been decided to organize + 2 level of higher secondary schools under 10 + 2 + 3 pattern in accordance with the National Education Policy, 1986/1992.
The executive power of the Council of Ministers being co-extensive with legislative power, this aspect has to be borne in mind.
It was further pleaded by the appellant that under the agreement, the appellant was liable to pay the annual fixed charges, the variable charges, incentive etc.
On facts, it is submitted by learned counsel for the appellants that Respondent No.2 himself admitted that he never worked as a pump operator, but was engaged as daily wage basis.
DANICS officers are posted at Delhi, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Lakshadweep, Daman and Diu and Dadra and Nagar Haveli.
Bill is honest all the time.
In order to enable the Court to have the benefit of objective assistance in making the nominations, we request Mr Fali S Nariman, learned Senior Counsel and Mr Gopal Subramaniam, the learned Amicus Curiae to assist the Court by suggesting names of persons with integrity and experience in managing a similar enterprise.
Nothing in this Act shall,— (a) enable any suit, appeal or application to be instituted, preferred or made, for which the period of limitation prescribed by the Indian Limitation Act, 1908 (9 of 1908), expired before the commencement of this Act; or (b) affect any suit, appeal or application instituted, preferred or made before, and pending at, such commencement.
We have on merits found no violation of Articles 14 and 19 also in the instant cases.
The present group of cases arises out of two reference orders – the first by a two-Judge Bench referred to in a second reference order, dated 15.11.2017, which is by a three-Judge Bench, which has referred the correctness of the decision in , (2006) 8 SCC 212, (“Nagaraj ), to a Constitution Bench.
It has also been argued from the side of the appellant-accused that Shri B.S. Ojha and Shri J.K. Duggal were having great grudge against him.
Hence, Adani Power is not entitled to raise the issue of force majeure and change in law as a substantive issue, the force majeure claim and the change in law claim having been rejected by the Central Commission in its earlier order; and there being no valid appeal against the said order, force majeure and change in law cannot be gone into.
The Labour Court by its Award held that the workmen are to be made permanent employees as safai kamdars in the appellant-Panchayat.
The Labour Court by its Award held that the workmen are to be made permanent employees as safai kamdars in the appellant-Panchayat.
Ballard[11].
As pointed out above, this judgment of the learned Single Judge was challenged by the FCI by filing LPAs.
Issue notice to the respondents, returnable within four weeks.
There is nothing in to indicate that restriction contained in does not apply with regard to a person who is owner of the mine.
In his deposition dated 26.06.1996, he reveals as under: (i) PW-67 described that Flat No. 27 had a spiral staircase which led to a flat on the 5th floor below.
If answer is ‘yes’ then Arbitrator would have no power to award pendente lite interest.
There is scope to improve the net income by 50% if farmers purchased gunny bags during the off - season and contracted the loading and transport well in advance.
Hence, as the outsourcing activities booming in the world, India stands to gain with more foreign exchange earnings.
Anonymity to the witnesses can only be provided when there is danger to life or property of the witness or his relations.
It may have the loops formed by a very soft and slackly twisted yarn.
The nation remains indebted to the air-warriors for their selflessness and sacrifice.
Suffice it to say that the respondent-State has not expressed its willingness to create supernumerary positions.
There must exist circumstances from which reasonable men would think it probable or likely that the inquiring officer will be prejudiced against the delinquent.
There must exist circumstances from which reasonable men would think it probable or likely that the inquiring officer will be prejudiced against the delinquent.
Long Steel: Rod or a bar. Typical rod products are the reinforcing rods made from sponge iron for concrete, ingots, billets, engineering products, gears tools etc.
In the event the High Court is approached in connection with appointment of an arbitrator, the Commission has proposed seeking the disclosure in terms of section 12 (1). and in which context the High Court or the designate is to have “due regard  to the contents of such disclosure in appointing the arbitrator.
The golden rule is that the words of a statute must prima facie be given their ordinary meaning.
The President also congratulated Mr. Rajiv Mehrotra of Public Service Broadcasting Trust for receiving his 28th National Award.
A scholar was expected to have independent views to be recognized as an erudite man or a 'hrishi'.
We are, therefore, not persuaded to consider constitutional validity of Section 108(1) of the SR Act again.
A party which avoids doing so does it at its own peril.
On such a strict interpretation, only those orders would be revisable which are orders passed on the final determination of the action but are not appealable under Chapter XXIX of the Code.
This would give the data required in point 2 above.
It is in the trial, the guilt or the innocence of the accused will be determined and not at the time of framing of charge.
The most important measure is the introduction of Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS).
It was submitted, that the will of the nation, could only be decided by a plebiscite or a referendum.
The court took note of the fact that PW1 and PW2 made a volteface in the trial court and denied having paid any bribery to the appellant and also denied that the appellant demanded the bribe amount.
The court took note of the fact that PW1 and PW2 made a volteface in the trial court and denied having paid any bribery to the appellant and also denied that the appellant demanded the bribe amount.
The above judgment, in our considered view, does not support the submission being canvassed, because on consideration of the “…totality of circumstances and the context…  the instant contention is just not acceptable.
But, physical infrastructure alone will count for nothing unless it is matched by the quality of human capital that comprises the academic community.
This appeal has been preferred against the judgments and orders dated 11.10.2006 and 31.5.2007, passed by Special Judge of the Designated Court under the TADA for Bombay Blast, Greater Bombay, in the Bombay Blast Case No. 1/93, by which the appellant had been found guilty under Section 5 TADA and on that count, he was sentenced to suffer RI for 5 years, and ordered to pay a fine of Rs.25,000/-, and in default of payment of fine, to suffer further RI for 6 months.
It shares a border with Himachal Pradesh to the south, Pakistan to the west, People 's Republic of China to the north and east, and Afghanistan to the north - west.
In the case on hand, admittedly, there is no notification issued by the Government delegating the powers of the Collector to the RDO.
The IUD is inserted in the woman’s uterus through the cervix.
This assist them to take prudent decisions on whether to retain their holdings or sell off or even accumulate further.
Equality must be among the equals.
The contention is that a secured-creditor may stand outside insolvency; but if he brings-up a creditor’s winding-up petition he must, in his petition, state that he is either willing to relinquish the security for the benefit of the body of creditors or give an estimate of the value of the security.
While disbursing finance against storage receipts / produce marketing, seasonal sub - limits should be adjusted and only balance amount may be disbursed.
I shall be of general nature, intended to assess the teaching/research aptitude of the candidate.
It is expected that this would ensure that international commercial arbitrations, involving foreign parties, will be heard expeditiously and by commercially oriented judges at the High Court level.
Soon thereafter, they filed writ petition for commutation of death sentence by relying upon the judgment in T. V. Vatheeswaran’s case.
It is contended on behalf of the respondent-Bank that the settlement was accepted by letter dated 14.11.2011, wherein the condition was mentioned that the appellant shall withdraw the complaint case which he has filed before the Criminal Court.
It was also emphasised that in certain cases, like the case at hand (that of transgenders), recognition of this aspect of human dignity would yield happiness to the individuals and, at the same time, also be in public good.
The Court’s duties include avoiding, remedying or mitigating adverse effects on the environment and a general duty to promote sustainable management, in accordance with the RM Act.
Human beings are products of evolutionary and historical processes.
It is needless to emphasise that it is not the function of the court to hear appeals over the decisions of the Selection Committees and to scrutinize the relative merits of the candidates.
In context to the present prevailing political scenario of the State the CM has lost the goodwill, trust and confidence of majority of the legislators which can gauged from the CLP meeting which was held on 29-09-2015 where only 22 party legislators attended the meeting.
In this situation, no cause of action could accrue to the plaintiffs, which could only accrue on demand of the mortgage amount from the defendants and refusal of same by the defendants.
The facts which are essential to be stated are that the parties to the lis entered into an agreement on 28.2.2008 for development of the land of the respondent.
The park is also home to a very rare species of citrus - indica endemic to this place which the locals call memang narang ('orange of the spirits').
This line of argument is without merit.
On 28.4.2013 the accused expressed his desire to the prosecutrix that he wanted to meet her and accordingly on 29.4.2013 at 7.25 a.m. the prosecutrix boarded Durg Danapur Express train and reached Sakti railway station from where the accused took her on a motorcycle to his house situated at Maalkharoda and there she stayed from 2 pm of 29.4.2013 to 3 p.m. of 30.4.2013 and during this period despite refusal of the prosecutrix the accused established physical relation with her on the pretext of marrying her.
A tertiary question that arises is, assuming the disputed lands are forest lands, can the State be allowed to demolish the massive constructions made thereon over the last half a century.
Not Verified Appellant Nos.1, 2 and 3 namely his father, brother and brother-in-law.
The pay-scale of the post of Sub-Assistant Engineer was simultaneously revised to Rs.350-600, with a higher initial start of Rs.330, with effect from the same date.
Clause (c) of sub-rule (4) of Rule 28A extends the scope of exemption to the goods manufactured by an eligible industrial unit availing exemption under Rule 28A at all successive stage(s) of sale or purchase subject to the condition that the dealer effecting successive purchase or sale furnishes to the Assessing a certificate in form ST-14A which is required to be obtained from the Assessing Authority duly filled in and signed by the Registered dealer to whom such goods were sold.
The Electoral roll for the year 2009 for the constituency in which the appellant’s village falls, also mentions this age to be 37 years, implying thereby that he was around 17 years old on the date of the occurrence.
In his cross- examination, Shri O.P. Chatwal (PW 123) categorically denied the suggestion that Shri A.K. Majumdar had instructed him to ill-treat the accused.
I own a kothi on Iqbal Road opposite to Govt.
Food deprivation cannot be allowed to continue.
When an order is passed, it cannot be reviewed.
Conditional contributions, where the donor specifically mentions that the amount is meant for a particular purpose, are not accepted in the Fund.
Upholding such a procedure would amount to negation of valuable right of appeal of an accused, which cannot be permitted under law.
Upholding such a procedure would amount to negation of valuable right of appeal of an accused, which cannot be permitted under law.
The capital cost of all traffic facilities such as, Y - Connection, Additional lines at serving station, crossing station, patch doubling of the section etc., shall be fully borne by the Railways.
Capital subsidy @ 35 - 50% of the cost subject to certain ceilings.
However, the first wife-respondent No.5 filed a counter affidavit denying that a divorce had taken place as claimed by the appellant.
Notwithstanding anything contained in sub-sections (1) to (3), when an Upa-lokayukta is unable to discharge his functions owing to absence, illness or any other cause, his function may be discharged by the other Upa-lokayukta, if any, and if there is no other Upa- lokayukta by the Lokayukta.
And that money comes from exchequer.
We must not permit our mind to boggle by imagining that what was one State earlier has now become two and consequently what were intra-State sale transactions earlier are now inter-State sale transactions.
Adhering to our Constitutional charter, India’s governance framework has been geared towards upholding our democratic structure.
There was recovery of certain documents and jewellery items at the instance of the appellant.
Since he is trying to defeat the rights of the true owner, it is for him to clearly plead and establish all facts necessary to establish his adverse possession.
Since he is trying to defeat the rights of the true owner, it is for him to clearly plead and establish all facts necessary to establish his adverse possession.
At 3 weeks of age it can be cut off close to the head with sharp scissors.
It is established that A-16 was an active member of the conspiracy which led to the blasts at various places in Bombay and caused many deaths, injuries and loss to property.
If such an application is moved by the petitioner, learned trial Court would make enquiry in accordance with law and pass a reasoned and speaking order without being influenced by the impugned order.
We thus have to consider the admissions as per the directions of the Kerala High Court and the directives of the ASC as applicable on the relevant date.
It is common knowledge that hardly any transaction with the bank would be oral and without proper documentation, whether in the form of letters or formal agreements.
This submission is sought to be fortified by contending that privacy is merely a common law right and the statutory protection is a reflection of that position.
The background analysis leading to the conclusion that the case belongs to the rarest of rare category must conform to highest standards of judicial rigor and thoroughness as the norm under analysis is an exceptionally narrow exception.
The big challenge that we in India today face is to improve the quality of teaching and learning outcomes in our schools.
This batch of writ petitions are filed by the PTOs falling either under Category-I or one of the two classes of Category-II.
For about eighteen hundred years, from 6th Century BC to the beginning of 13th Century AD, Indian universities like Takshashila, Nalanda, Vikramashila, Valabhi, Somapura and Odantapuri dominated the world education system.
For about eighteen hundred years, from 6th Century BC to the beginning of 13th Century AD, Indian universities like Takshashila, Nalanda, Vikramashila, Valabhi, Somapura and Odantapuri dominated the world education system.
The facts giving rise to Civil Appeal No.5293 of 2010 reflect that the accident in question was caused by the bus which was driven under the control of KSRTC.
The exercise must and ought to be undertaken keeping the basic idea of the legislation in mind.
Hydro projects would, however, need approval of the State Government and clearance from the Central Electricity Authority which would go into the issues of dam safety and optimal utilization of water resources.
Initially, these banks were allowed to lend money only for non - agricultural purposes and essentially to small borrowers and businesses.
Flexible models such as' open ', and' distance 'learning also needs to be encouraged and supported.
The competent authority under the Act while determining the moneys due from the employee shall be required to conduct an inquiry and pass an order.
In the meantime Government examined the case with reference to the views obtained form the State Police Chief on the observation of the CBI along with the explanation of the officers concerned.
According to these principles, it is only where the appreciation of evidence by the Trial Court is capricious or its conclusions are without evidence that the High Court may reverse an order of acquittal.
The Chief Justice of India constituted a nine-Judge Bench, to examine two questions.
It was adversely affecting the farmers in the State of Kerala which led to repeated representations on their behalf to the Government for taking remedial measures.
It was adversely affecting the farmers in the State of Kerala which led to repeated representations on their behalf to the Government for taking remedial measures.
Child marriage leads to pregnancy during adolescence, posing life-threatening risks to both mother and child.
In Para 47 of the report this Court has considered and had thought it appropriate to extract the views expressed in an earlier decision i.e. .
A-13, A-16, A-23, A-29, A-32, A-36, A-39, A-49, A-57, A-64, A-94, A-98 and A-100 clearly establish the fact that it corroborate with each other and also with the confessional statement of the appellant (A-52).
It was claimed that Smt. Banti was to continue to have the rights in the property only during the life time of Bhana and was not an absolute owner.
Their Lordships speaking through A. Alagiriswami, J. examined the facts of that case in the light of law laid down in several English and Indian cases and held that principle of 'issue-estoppel' applies to criminal proceedings only and not to any other proceedings.
When I was a child I never dreamt that one day I would come here as the President of my country.
The circular trading involved four brokers and in respect of two of them, monetary penalty has been imposed.
He inspected the said jeeps and found that one additional cavity box and aluminium sheet flooring was prepared.
The Commission thereafter undertakes the process of selection in accordance with the Act, Rules and Regulations.
This in effect means that the tax incentive given by way of exemptions to certain categories of income is being used to reduce also the tax payable on the non-exempt income by debiting the expenses incurred to earn the exempt income against taxable income.
This in effect means that the tax incentive given by way of exemptions to certain categories of income is being used to reduce also the tax payable on the non-exempt income by debiting the expenses incurred to earn the exempt income against taxable income.
It is improper to keep such a case pending for years.
The Court quoted a passage from Afcons Infrastructure Ltd. (supra) wherein the principle that interpretation placed to appreciate the tender requirements and to interpret the documents by owner or employer unless mala fide or perverse in understanding or appreciation is reflected, the constitutional Courts should not interfere.
As a result, and despite the quantification of the extent of social backwardness, community effort to ameliorate it has remained confused and inadequate.
Since, the victim in the case is a married woman and the death being within seven years of marriage, apparently, the court has gone only on one tangent, to treat the same as a dowry death.
In the instant case, the Uttar Pradesh Business Transaction Rules, 1975, confer power on a minister in charge to exercise power in the name of Governor.
Besides the aforesaid, there is a statement of her own father, Jagdish Chandra (PW8) who also in material particulars had corroborated the testimony of the prosecutrix VW - PW6.
He set the next date of hearing for 15 December.
He highlighted the facts relating to auction of the subject land which was conducted on 21.06.1958; approval of the highest bid of the appellant’s husband by the Settlement Commissioner on 31.10.1960, communication from the Ministry of Rehabilitation dated 16.06.1980 requiring the deposit of Rs. 14,992/- as balance sale consideration, deposit of that amount by the appellant within fifteen days thereof; issuance of sale certificate on 22.08.1980 and its registration on 15.07.1981 and submitted that until the full price was paid, the appellant (auction purchaser) acquired no right in the land of any nature and the land remained with the central government.
So far as the antecedents are concerned, the executive is better placed than the judiciary to know the antecedents of candidates. Therefore, my judgement said that in the area of legal acumen the judiciary’s opinion should be dominant and in the area of antecedents the executive’s opinion should be dominant.
It is that informed freedom of action of the judges that helps to preserve and protect our basic document of governance.
Reverting to the facts of the appellants’ case, as pointed out above, appellant Nos. 2 to 5 were engaged as Direct Artificers for a period of 10 years.
On 02.08.1956, the Government of Mysore acquired another piece of land and, again, the compensation was paid to Rajkumari Leelavathi Devi, the daughter of the First Princess.
This Court did not accept the contention by holding that living in adultery on the part of the husband is a continuing matrimonial offence, and it does not get frozen or wiped out merely on passing of a decree for judicial separation which merely suspends certain duties and obligations of the spouses in connection with their marriage and does not snap the matrimonial tie.
On appreciation of evidence, this Court observed that the High Court could not have reversed the judgment of the acquittal merely because another view was possible.
But I do not conceive that to be my duty, because I strongly believe that my agreement or disagreement has nothing to do with the right of a majority to embody their opinions in law.
This book provides a vivid and interesting account of his life, times, mystic experiences and literary works. It also briefly discusses Sufi doctrines and practices.
They submitted that there is no basis for presuming that an area outside the limits of a National Park or a Wildlife Sanctuary is required to be maintained as a buffer zone.
He pointed out that for the Bars under liquor Rules, distance prescribed is 75 mts., which was reasonable and valid provision and could be incorporated here as well.
Appellants thereafter preferred the present appeal by way of Special Leave Petition in this Court.
Therefore, public policy requires that parties cannot also be permitted to contract out of the legislative mandate which requires certain kind of disputes to be settled by special Courts constituted by the Act.
Therefore, public policy requires that parties cannot also be permitted to contract out of the legislative mandate which requires certain kind of disputes to be settled by special Courts constituted by the Act.
Such factors relating to inconvenience etc.
In all humans the state of consciousness depends on the blood containing the correct quantity of sugar in solution.
The trial court was very cryptic in reasoning and failed to record its satisfaction at all on the urgency required for an order to be passed permitting a witness to be examined out of turn.
On an average at least 10 to 15 transfer petitions are on board of each court on each admission day.
No act of Parliament should be construed to be of having no purpose.
According to the petitioner the answer is in the affirmative since he had not committed an offence punishable with imprisonment for not less than ten years, but according to the State he had committed an offence punishable with imprisonment for ten years.
If such a cheque is issued from the hotel account by the appellant in favour of his son, it is easy to prove the same and then the onus is upon the appellant to show as to what was the reason for giving that amount from the partnership firm to his son and he will have to account for the same.
If such a cheque is issued from the hotel account by the appellant in favour of his son, it is easy to prove the same and then the onus is upon the appellant to show as to what was the reason for giving that amount from the partnership firm to his son and he will have to account for the same.
The eligibility / qualification /experience required for this post was also provided in the advertisement.
As stated above the occurrence took place on November 18, 1988 and the deceased died 18 days later on December 5, 1988 due to septicaemia and other complications.
Pinochet, a former Chilean dictator, was sought to be arrested and extradited from England for his conduct during his incumbency in office.
Pinochet, a former Chilean dictator, was sought to be arrested and extradited from England for his conduct during his incumbency in office.
Recharge Pits may be of any shape and size. They are generally constructed 1 to 2 m. wide and 2 to 3 m deep. The pits are filled with boulders (5 - 20 cm), gravels (5 - 10mm) and coarse sand (1. 5 - 2mm) in graded form.
The judgment of the Divisional Court in this case follows the traditional route of declaring not only what was the meaning of the section at the date of the judgment but what was always the correct meaning of the section.
This narrow view with regard to training remained in vogue for a long time.
The right to vote and right to contest at an election to a PANCHAYAT are constitutional rights subsequent to the introduction of Part IX of the Constitution of India.
Can the order dated 5th August, 2005 be implemented and should the appellant be permitted to go ahead with the construction of commercial complex-cum-bus stand.
As the deceased was 28 ½ years old at the time of death the multiplier of 17 is applied, which is appropriate to the age of the deceased.
52) In the light of the above, we are of the view that the conviction and sentence imposed by the Designated Court to the appellant (A-54) is sustainable and justified, consequently, the appeals fail and are liable to be dismissed.
Subsequently, he had bought milk from the bakery and the two children were given milk mixed with the cow dung powder that had poison.
It was not open to receive it again in the land acquisition case.
It is well settled that the evidence of a prosecution witness cannot be rejected in toto merely because the prosecution chose to treat him as hostile and cross-examined him.
Furthermore, in the approval that was given by the Special Inspector General of Police, Kolhapur Range, granting approval to the Deputy Commissioner of Police (Enforcement), Crime Branch, CID, Mumbai to commence investigation under Section 23(1) of MCOCA, Kapil Nagpal has not been mentioned.
Furthermore, in the approval that was given by the Special Inspector General of Police, Kolhapur Range, granting approval to the Deputy Commissioner of Police (Enforcement), Crime Branch, CID, Mumbai to commence investigation under Section 23(1) of MCOCA, Kapil Nagpal has not been mentioned.
I reiterate that in this particular case, not even the name was shared by you (the Chief Minister) with me (the Chief Justice), leave alone eliciting my views on the suitability of the person for holding the post of Upa Lokayukta.
Bank’s interest to be got noted in the insurance policy.
It was, therefore, felt that prompt payments of money by buyers should be statutorily ensured and mandatory provisions for payment of interest on the outstanding money, in case of default, should be made.
KVA and other consumers with Contract Demand exceeding 4000 KVA catered supply at 11 KV.
We need only state that in view of our finding that the said lays down no charge or machinery to levy and assess service tax on indivisible composite works contracts, such argument must fail.
You are therefore requested to kindly arrange for the required information with details in your possession so that an effective consultation takes place between the consulting parties.
True empowerment comes only with knowledge.
So far as appellant (A-81) is concerned he disclosed that the wooden boxes and green coloured bags after being smuggled into this country were kept in the house of the maternal grandmother of Shabbir and were then shifted to the house of Faki Ahmed Subedar (A-74) with the help of appellant (A-81), Faki Ali Faki Ahmed Subedar (A-74) and Abdulla Ibrahim Surti (A-66).
So far as appellant (A-81) is concerned he disclosed that the wooden boxes and green coloured bags after being smuggled into this country were kept in the house of the maternal grandmother of Shabbir and were then shifted to the house of Faki Ahmed Subedar (A-74) with the help of appellant (A-81), Faki Ali Faki Ahmed Subedar (A-74) and Abdulla Ibrahim Surti (A-66).
As has been stated, the judicious use of the weapon of stay would, in many cases, obviate a Court of first instance in the second proceeding treating a matter as res judicata only to find that by the time the appeal has reached the hearing stage against the said judgment in the second proceeding, the res becomes sub judice again because of condonation of delay and the consequent hearing of the appeal in the first proceeding.
The Investigating Officer is stated to have accepted the bail bond for release of Krishan Kumar and directed the appellant (a constable at the said Police Station) to release him on bail in connection with the alleged offences referred to supra.
No case was made out for permitting additional evidence on settled principles under Order XLI Rule 27 of CPC.
In other words, the period of detention is intended not to punish the detenue, but to make him realize the impact of his earlier indiscretions on society and to discontinue the same.
Furthermore, since trade in and sale of liquor is the exclusive privilege and preserve of the Government, it has the freedom to decide whether to part with its privilege and to what extent it should do so.
Furthermore, since trade in and sale of liquor is the exclusive privilege and preserve of the Government, it has the freedom to decide whether to part with its privilege and to what extent it should do so.
While we say so, we are not oblivious of the contours of the judicial review of the legislative Acts.
It has also been recommended that causing death of any person through driving under the influence of drink or drugs should be punishable with the minimum term of imprisonment of two years.
It is difficult to accept this contention since chances of promotion of a government servant are not a condition of service.
It must not be forgotten that no single value, no matter exalted, can bear the full burden of upholding a democratic system of government.
The multiple strategies have helped generate sufficient surplus to meet the commitment made to over two-third of our countrymen under the National Food Security law.
In other words, reading of reasoning and discussion of the High Court cannot allow us to reach to a conclusion that the appellants were duly served of the notices.
The entire procedure above has been made applicable to the District Judge of the other state by sub‐section (3), which mandates a copy of the citation to be sent to such other District Judge who shall publish the same in the same manner as if it were a citation issued by himself and shall certify such publication to the District Judge who issued the citation.
There was nothing adverse found.
Section 106 is not intended to relieve the prosecution of its burden to prove the guilt of the accused beyond reasonable doubt.
No doubt, paramount consideration is the welfare of the child.
When enquired by this court as to the guarantee for the implementation of the arrangements proposed for all practical purposes, Mr. Ranjit Kumar, on instructions, has submitted that to ensure that the works are completed by the time as proposed 12 developers in addition to the Galaxy group have given their letters to collaborate with the respondent promoters for the said purposes as testified by the documents available in compilation ‘B’.
The reference was made by the Ministry as a consequence to the order passed by the High Court of Bombay in W.P. No.216/2001, Anand Narain Poharkar vs. Lokmat Newspaper Charitable Trust, which stated that a legislation in this behalf is necessary.
Facts alone are wanted in life.
This merely raises a rebuttable presumption.
In Umesh Kumar Nagpal v State of Haryana & Ors., (1994) 4 SCC 138, this Court has considered the nature of the right which a dependant can claim while seeking employment on compassionate ground.
There has been no allegation of alteration of the voucher in question after they have been made.
3) Adequate Technology and years of experience are available with Department of Atomic Energy for transporting Spent Fuel from one site to another through both Railways and by roadways, in a safe manner without any public hazard.
For the purpose of implementation of the Witness Protection Programme, a lot of funds may be required.
Depending upon the repaying capacity 7 to 11 years.
In Traditional Chinese medicine, 'health' is considered a condition of balance of yin and yang within the body.
I am told that the Jordanian alumni of various Indian universities are now 2500 strong.
J. (Pinaki Chandra Ghose) ..
It was asserted, that through ‘the 1999 Scheme’, it was proposed to supplement the post-retiral financial benefits of employees, engaged in corporate bodies, in the State of Himachal Pradesh.
The ambit of a habeas corpus petition is to trace an individual who is stated to be missing.
Subsequently, the appellant no.1 Company converted the said Open Cycle Power Plant of 20 MW into 30 MW Combined Cycle Mode Power Plant by adding steam turbine.
That illustration can profitably be used in the present context as well when prosecution brought reliable materials that the appellant’s pocket contained phenolphthalein-smeared currency notes for Rs 500 when he was searched by PW-7 DSP of Anti- Corruption Bureau.
The most important aspect of the above guidelines is making of a rehabilitation plan.
The most important aspect of the above guidelines is making of a rehabilitation plan.
It is submitted that in the aforesaid decision, it is further observed and held by this Court that the source of money can never be the sole consideration and it is merely one of the relevant considerations, but not determinative in character.
Roop Chand was not in a position to make any statement and succumbed to his injuries in the hospital.
After completion of the investigation, final report was submitted before the trial Court against the accused persons including appellant.
The said complaint has been registered as ML Case No.3 of 2015.
The said complaint has been registered as ML Case No.3 of 2015.
May the spirit of this festival strengthen fraternal feelings in our society, and remind us of the importance of unity and harmony, as we strive collectively for the well-being of our people.
He had said and I quote 'In the modern world, education has a vital role to play in the life of a nation, particularly in developing countries, where people are becoming more and more conscious of their duties and responsibilities in shaping the future of their countries' - words which ring true even today.
(2) Where any such document is not in the possession or power of the plaintiff, he shall, wherever possible, state in whose possession or power it is.
Section 5 of the does not say that such discretion can be exercised only if the delay is within a certain limit.
Swelling of right shoulder with tenderness.
The appellate court should bear in mind the presumption of innocence of the accused and further that the trial Court’s acquittal bolsters the presumption of his innocence.
He vehemently submitted that the contention on behalf of the appellants that the High Court could not have issued a writ/order quashing the selection and appointment of Mr. Harish Dhanda is, therefore, not correct.
Therefore, certain amount of latitude is not impermissible.
By a proceeding dated 10th September, 1993 the Government of India finalised the Central List of OBCs for each State.
Elected Parliaments and legislature are the most critical ingredient of any true democracy.
Today’s reality is that the every Magistracy is inundated with prosecutions under NI Act, so much so that the burden is becoming unbearable and detrimental to the disposal of other equally pressing litigation.
Applying the decisions aforementioned to the facts of the present case, I do not consider it fit to state that just because the cheques were presented at Delhi or the demand notice was sent from Delhi, Courts at Delhi would have jurisdiction to try the present case.
In terms of Audit para 16 of Audit Report for the FY ended 2000- 01, Shri Jawaharlal Srivastav, Manager of Laxmipur PACs had committed fraud of Rs.20.93 lacs thereby misappropriated the bank’s funds.
Akhtar @ Kari (supra) is concerned, first of all, there cannot be any dispute with reference to the proposition of the law laid down by this Court in the aforesaid decisions.
The reference under is specifically to orders passed in any consumer dispute which is pending before, or has been decided by any State Commission.
While dismissing the appeal, the learned First Appellate Court observed that Exhibit D4 cannot be said to be a Partition Deed and can be said to be only a list of properties partitioned and does not create or extinguish any right in the immovable property and therefore not a compulsorily registrable document and therefore Exhibit D4 is admissible in evidence.
While dismissing the appeal, the learned First Appellate Court observed that Exhibit D4 cannot be said to be a Partition Deed and can be said to be only a list of properties partitioned and does not create or extinguish any right in the immovable property and therefore not a compulsorily registrable document and therefore Exhibit D4 is admissible in evidence.
Therefore, the above passage in the said judgment itself discloses that the contract itself had to be understood based on the correspondence as between the parties.
The answers given by PW 5 Vishwas Jagtap show that he may be a stock witness who has deposed to oblige the police machinery.
The said passport holder again left Karachi on 17.06.1994 and reached Dubai on 17.06.1994 itself.
If the foreign court does have jurisdiction, the interim or interlocutory order of the foreign court should be given due weight and respect.
False statement in verification, etc., made under certain provisions of the Act.
This unique quality has not been imported from anywhere nor has it come into our society by accident – rather it has been consciously nurtured and nourished by the tolerance and wisdom of the Indian consciousness.
Ustad Ali Akbar Khan made his debut at the age of 13 at a music conference in Allahabad in 1936. His mastery of the sarod and his brilliant compositions gave him the title of a ‘national treasure’.
The law of precedent is well known.
There is no dispute on that point.
On 28.4.1988, on a complaint made by the petitioner that no action had been taken by the Central Government to implement our judgment in OJC No.829/87, we directed that the legal representatives of the deceased petitioner would appear before the Central Government on 16th May, 1988 to take steps regarding hearing.
It was further observed that the manufacturer would undoubtedly be the owner of the component parts when he fabricated them, but at no stage does he become the owner of the 3-motion electrical overhead travelling crane as a unit so as to transfer the property in it to the customer.
The Act lays down the rules relating to formation of partnership, the rights and duties of partners and dissolution of partnership.
Magistrate is a forged one as such complainant letter have never been received in the District Magistrate's office.
The High Court denounced the DW1 to be untruthful, for having expressing his ignorance about the second wife of the appellant Anna @ Darly.
While dealing with the nature of the legal profession, this Court observed that legal profession was essentially a service-oriented profession and that the relationship between the lawyer and his client is one of trust and confidence.
Learned counsel referred to several judgments of the Constitutional Courts of South Africa, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, etc.
Even though Rule 12 is strictly applicable only to determine the age of a child in conflict with law, we are of the view that the aforesaid statutory provision should be the basis for determining age, even of a child who is a victim of crime.
Even though on earlier occasions also, under similar circumstances, there have been judgments of this Court which should have been a pointer to all the builders that raising unauthorised construction never pays and is [pic]against the interest of society at large, but, no heed has been given to it by the builders.
Those who were in the select list were offered the appointments.
Rural electrification and rural telecommunication connectivity.
The Regulation consists of two parts.
Suffice to say, the various injuries inflicted on these two persons were found by the doctor to have been inflicted with blunt weapons, with some of the injuries being grievous in nature, while the remaining ones being simple.
Suffice to say, the various injuries inflicted on these two persons were found by the doctor to have been inflicted with blunt weapons, with some of the injuries being grievous in nature, while the remaining ones being simple.
We must at this stage note an important feature.
Though this Court is not bound by the law declared by the municipal courts of other countries, this court in the last 70 years always examined with due regard decisions of the American Supreme Court on questions of constitutional law.
The said amount is to be paid to National Legal Services Authority as compensation for the loss of judicial time of this country and the same may be utilized by the National Legal Services Authority to fund poor litigants to pursue their claims before this Court in deserving cases.
PDB is payable to an IP who suffers permanent residual disablement as a result of EI (including Occupational Diseases) and results in loss of earning capacity.
The plea of the appellants before the Tribunal was that the date of seniority would be from the date of deputation but in case the person was already holding the same or equivalent grade on a regular basis in his parent department, such regular service in the grade should also be counted.
The Reserve Bank of India has announced the auction of 91 - day Government of India Treasury Bills for notified amount of ₹9, 000 crore.
The plaintiffs have been asserting encroachment by the defendants on their land and have also adduced oral and documentary evidence in that regard.
The plaintiffs have been asserting encroachment by the defendants on their land and have also adduced oral and documentary evidence in that regard.
Time for performance of the agreement was tentatively fixed as four months and the same was extended until the defendant got the sale deed executed from the Housing Board.
Time for performance of the agreement was tentatively fixed as four months and the same was extended until the defendant got the sale deed executed from the Housing Board.
It would next be expedient to briefly deal with the authorities cited at the Bar to recapitulate the judicial enunciation of the scope of an Appellate Court to reverse an order of acquittal in a criminal trial.
Therefore, it is not possible to approve the order passed by the Division Bench of the High Court.
Having regard to what is stated in paragraph 57 in the earlier round of litigation, therefore, on a point which has become final in the earlier round, we are not persuaded to hold that it will be open for the appellant to raise the same issue in the second round in respect of a matter which has attained finality.
This decade is the decade of innovation. Our drive towards innovation must benefit the bottom of the socio - economic pyramid.
These facts were disclosed to her by the deceased.
Chameli Devi and thereafter, by their father Bhola Nath, during his lifetime.
Doctor himself has admitted that he has not described the shapes of the injuries, depth and middle of the injuries.
Taken to their logical (2009) 9 SCC 1 PART H conclusion, reproductive rights include a woman's entitlement to carry a pregnancy to its full term, to give birth and to subsequently raise children.
The sole arbitrator found that such order of recovery can not be sustained in law and the recoveries affected were illegal.
He led to his brother’s house in village Naharpur, Gurgaon, Haryana and got recovered his bloodstained clothes.
This craze for facilitating ‘flexible labour’ which is another phrase for ‘hire and fire’ deserves no constitutional sympathy.
All the learned Counsel who advanced submissions made a fair attempt to resolve the outstanding issue of finalizing the draft constitution, with a sense of objectivity.
The accused pleaded not guilty, and therefore, all of them came to be tried for the aforesaid offences.
This is utterly contemptuous as the Bank now wants to introduce something which cannot be even read into the order.
Earlier Studies: The 35' Report of the Law Commission on Capital Punishment of 1967 dealt with various mode of death sentence concluded: 'We find that there is a considerable body of opinion which would like hanging to be replaced by something more humane and more painless...' 'That a method which is certain, humane, quick and decent should be adopted, is the general view, with which few can quarrel.
Similarly in one of the cases before us, namely, Bachan Singh v._State of Punjab ((1979) 3 SCC 727) when it was first heard by a Bench consisting of Kailasam and Sarkaria, JJ., Kailasam, J. was definitely of the view that the majority decision in Rajendra Prasad case ((1979) 3 SCC 646) was wrong and that is why he referred that case to the Constitution Bench.
It is extremely difficult to adduce direct evidence to prove conspiracy.
There is, therefore, no reference to the contract of employment when these amounts are paid by the employer to the employee.
P-6’ in the proceedings.
We may refer to the definition of “unauthorised occupation  as provided under Section 2(g) of the Public Premises Act at this stage.
P18 is relevant to the fact in issue of receiving stab injury by PW.1 in the hands of unknown culprits at the relevant time of offence.
It proves the efficacy of the innovative tools and strategies applied by Government of India for the prevention and treatment of the communicable and non-communicable diseases.
As per a study, ninety percent of new ventures that don’t attract investors fail within three years.
It is obligatory on the part of the Chief Commissioner of Income Tax or the Director, which are the prescribed authorities, to comply with proviso thirteen (un-numbered).
That dishonest intention is the gist of the offence under is implicit in the words used i.e. corrupt or illegal means and abuse of position as a public servant.
Section 28C: Characterisation of Limitation Law: Where the substantive law of a country to which this Part of the Act applies, is to be applied in proceedings before a New Zealand Court or in an arbitration, the limitation law of that country is part of the substantive law of that country and must be applied accordingly.
The rejection of the mercy petition by the Governor should forthwith be communicated to the convict and his family in writing or through some other mode of communication available.
Our determination, with reference to all the issues canvassed above, would also answer the question left open in paragraph 52 above.
It seems to me that in construing this document, which is a contract of carriage between the parties, one must in the first instance look at the whole instrument and not at one part of it only.
One of the grounds of attack was based on secularism.
The appellant had stayed at the Taneja Guest House, by providing a fictitious name and address, and the next day had tried to commit suicide.
The Director of Income Tax (Investigation), Nagpur thereafter put his signature dated 9.6.2009 on the said note.
To ensure free and fair election which is pivotal for setting up a parliamentary democracy, this vital principle was enacted in to ensure that a voter would be able to vote uninhibited by any fear or any undesirable consequence of disclosure of how he voted.
Step 3: The Chlorine atoms breaks the ozone molecule and thereby ozone depletion.
The Chief Secretary of the State of Punjab produced the original files containing the advice of the Chief Minister to the Governor of Punjab and after seeing the original files, the Full Bench of the High Court returned the same and reserved the matter for judgment.
It has to have a constructive and progressive vision.
It pools money by charging the network entities a percentage of their revenue which is used to meet the expenses to develop standards.
We had in the light of the above passed an order in Criminal Appeal No.603 of 2010 directing the concerned to file a status report as to the steps taken pursuant to the above directions.
Admittedly, the trial is completed and the suit is at the stage of hearing arguments.
He got the panch witnesses on 09.04.1993 for the aforesaid TIP.
Guillotine suggested that a decapitation machine be built.
The proviso indicates the constitutional mandate of supremacy of the Union.
While Aadhaar coverage speed has been exemplary, with over a billion Aadhaar cards being distributed, some states report authentication failures: estimates include 49 percent failure rates for Jharkhand, 6 percent for Gujarat, 5 percent for Krishna District in Andhra Pradesh and 37 percent for Rajasthan.
In case of such communicating injuries, it is not necessary that the bullet should enter any part of the body while reaching to the last injury, it may cause scratch or touched the small part of the body or soft tissue as has been done in the instant case.
Hearing the cries of the aged couple, some nearby people gathered there.
But that does not mean that the subjective satisfaction of the detaining authority is wholly immune from judicial reviewability.
It is at the beginning of any endeavour that you need maximum help.
This day serves to remind all Indians of the sacrifices this apostle of peace gave, to bestow upon the country the gift of Independence.
As observed in Gian Kaur’s case, the natural process of his death has already commenced and he would like to die with peace and dignity.
For the aforesaid reasons all the appeals are without any merit and are accordingly dismissed.
The Chairman and the other members referred to in clauses (a) and (d) of sub-section (1) shall be persons of ability, integrity and standing who have shown capacity in dealing with problems relating to securities marker or have special knowledge or experience of law, finance, economics, accountancy, administration or in any other discipline which, in the opinion of the Central Government, shall be useful to the Board.
It was realised that courts always passed simple decrees.
It was realised that courts always passed simple decrees.
There are large number of therapeutic biotech drugs and vaccines, being currently produced and marketed in the country and helping mankind enormously.
Accordingly, the order passed by the High Court is modified to that extent.
But if the vacancy is filled by a person other than a person with disability in the subsequent recruitment year, reservation shall be carried forward for a further period upto two recruitment years whereafter the reservation shall lapse.
But if the vacancy is filled by a person other than a person with disability in the subsequent recruitment year, reservation shall be carried forward for a further period upto two recruitment years whereafter the reservation shall lapse.
It is done by identified sponsors i. e. the public is informed about the producer or the firm who is advertising its product.
Requisite inputs such as seeds, fertilisers, etc. should be easily available.
Sub-section (3) makes this aspect very clear.
The law of evidence is designed to ensure that the court considers only that evidence which will enable it to reach a reliable conclusion.
Consequently, we find no error in the view taken by the Special Judge, CBI, Greater Mumbai in forwarding the case papers of Special Case No.88 of 2001 in the Court of the Chief Metropolitan Magistrate for trying the case in accordance with law.
FIRs relating to offences under , , , , , , , or 376E of and offences under POCSO shall not be put in the public domain.
Ms. Aparajita Singh, a lawyer practising in this Court to provide any assistance on legal issues.
Russian companies need to do the same.
The proposed forum will be of status higher than a High Court but below the Supreme Court.
But that by itself is not decisive.
Service tax is payable @ 10% of the 'gross amount' charged by the service provider for providing such taxable service.
Towards loss of estate and funeral expenses, award of compensation of Rs.15,000/- awarded by the High Court is maintained.
The principle stated in Dadu (supra) does not run counter to the ratio laid down in Maru Ram (supra).
After so stating, the two-Judge Bench affirmed the view taken by the High Court of Rajasthan.
It appeared that though some queries were made and doubts were raised by the Legal Advisor of NDMC in his noting dated 11.03.2014, those queries were not dealt with and yet permission was granted by NDMC.
The state and the society at large ought to continue supporting such a noble organization.
The policy aims to facilitate excellent opportunities for increased investment into this sector, technology upgradation, induction of new technology market development and export promotion.
Taking note of this provision, the Inquiry Officer went into the report that was submitted by the appellant/bailiff after the execution of the warrants of possession and concluded that the appellant/bailiff had not followed the aforesaid procedure and simply handed over the property to the agent of the decree holder and, therefore, he was guilty of dereliction of duty.
In 1973 Captain Ghalwat and Gunner Sarwan Dass were posted in Babina (M.P.).
After the demise of Nusrat Jung Bahadur-I, the enquiry has started on 17 th August, 1905 with regard to succession only.
We, therefore, allow this appeal and set aside the order dated 29.05.2018 passed by the High Court.
For the purposes of clause (ii), any machinery or plant which was used outside India by any person other than the assessee shall not be regarded as machinery or plant previously used for any purpose, if the following conditions are fulfilled, namely:- (a) such machinery or plant was not, at any time previous to the date of the installation by the assessee, used in India; (b) such machinery or plant is imported into India from any country outside India; and (c) no deduction on account of depreciation in respect of such machinery or plant has been allowed or is allowable under the provisions of this Act in computing the total income of any person for any period prior to the date of the installation of the machinery or plant by the assessee.
If the parties are not in a position to arrive at consensus as to the Arbitrator, the parties shall approach the appropriate High Court for appointment of the Arbitrator.
The aforesaid two sets of circumstances being mutually irreconcilable cannot be arranged in the form of a balance sheet as observed in Sangeet (supra) but it is the cumulative effect of the two sets of different circumstances that has to be kept in mind while rendering the sentencing decision.
The aforesaid two sets of circumstances being mutually irreconcilable cannot be arranged in the form of a balance sheet as observed in Sangeet (supra) but it is the cumulative effect of the two sets of different circumstances that has to be kept in mind while rendering the sentencing decision.
If any dispute arises between a minority educational institution and a University relating to its affiliation to such University, the decision of the Commission thereon shall be final.
It applies to marriages solemnized during the ‘war period’ where the husband was, at the time of the marriage, domiciled outside India and the wife was immediately before the marriage, domiciled in India.
The Arbitrators held that the deductions in relation to the period from November 1, 2001 to March 22, 2002 amounting to US$ 2,445,246.54 were wrongly made by the appellant-Corporation which amount the respondent was entitled to get from the appellant together with interest at the rate indicated in the award.
If, for instance, the information falling under clause (a) say for instance the security of the nations or relationship with a foreign state is revealed and is likely to be harmful, under the Act if higher public interest is established, then it is the will of Parliament that the greater good should prevail though at the cost of lesser harm being still occasioned.
The appellants had been reviewing the suspension order from time to time and thus, the respondent filed OA No.2842 of 2010 before the Tribunal for quashing of the suspension order and the same was disposed of by the Tribunal vide order dated 16.12.2011 directing the appellants to convene a meeting of the Special Review Committee (SRC) within a stipulated period to consider revocation or continuation of suspension of the respondent after taking into consideration various factors mentioned in the said order.
The appellant-doctors and the Hospital could not produce any evidence to rebut the claims of the claimant regarding the qualification of her wife.
The investigative process, indicated the involvement of large number of officers, including Lt. Col. Pakki Rama Shankar Rao.
The 45th Conference of Governors concluded yesterday (February 14, 2014) at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Similar dispensation is predicated in respect of State Executive Committee, which has to function as the Executive Body of the State Coordination Committee and is responsible to carry out the decisions of the State Coordination Committee and to perform such other functions as may be delegated to it by the State Coordination Committee.
The defendant alleges that the complainant, due to ill will in release of the movie “Pokari , used this old cheque to take revenge against the defendant firm.
It is settled law of the Hon’ble Supreme Court of India that the Appellate Tribunal for Electricity has no power, authority or jurisdiction to go into validity or legality of Regulations framed by a Regulatory Commission.
The assessing officer would naturally wait for this report before proceeding further.
In the obtaining fact situation, the interpretation placed by the 1st respondent in the absence of any kind of perversity, bias or mala fide should not be interfered with in exercise of power of judicial review.
Elections in this view are a secular matter.
The appointment being for a fixed term and requiring express renewal in the manner provided in the Manual, there is no basis to contend that it is not a professional engagement of a legal practitioner but appointment to a post in government service which continues till attaining the age of superannuation.
The appointment being for a fixed term and requiring express renewal in the manner provided in the Manual, there is no basis to contend that it is not a professional engagement of a legal practitioner but appointment to a post in government service which continues till attaining the age of superannuation.
The liberalised pension scheme in the context of which the decision was rendered in Nakara provided for computation of pension according to a more liberal formula under which “average emoluments  were determined with reference to the last ten months’ salary instead of 36 months’ salary provided earlier yielding a higher average, coupled with a slab system and raising the ceiling limit for pension.
Abdominal examination: Abdominal examination should be done to monitor the progress of pregnancy and foetal growth, and to check the foetal lie (foetal position) and foetal presentation (whether head or bottom first).
These documents and the information contained therein is the property of company over which no unauthorized person has any right.
Since amounts under the said bills of lading were due for payment, the appellant sent an email dated 3.5.2016 to the contesting respondent for payment of the outstanding amounts.
Column 6 of the First Schedule indicates the Court by which the offence in question is triable.
Further, Respondent (A-24) was contacted by the co-accused for the disposal of 59 packets stored in a godown and he had taken Rs. 5 lacs for doing the job and got the said goods destroyed through his persons in Nagla Bunder Creek.
It was extremely heartening to see the high standards of parade displayed by the air warriors of both the squadrons.
PW24 Const.
When that is not provided, or the applicant is aggrieved by the nature of response received, she/he is also entitled to file a first appeal with the designated First Appellate Authority.
The doctrine of merger applies irrespective of whether the Appellate Court has affirmed, modified or reversed the decree of the Trial Court.
No person can have a reasonable expectation that others will not know the sound of his voice, any more than he can reasonably expect that his face will be a mystery to the world.
The court should bear in mind that fair trial entails the interest of the accused, the victim and the society and, therefore, the grant of fair and proper opportunities to the persons concerned, must be ensured being a constitutional goal, as well as a human right.
The court should bear in mind that fair trial entails the interest of the accused, the victim and the society and, therefore, the grant of fair and proper opportunities to the persons concerned, must be ensured being a constitutional goal, as well as a human right.
However, the State Election Commission was directed not to notify the results in respect of constituencies where there was no contest, without the leave of the Court.
I am confident this Court will always remain a sentinel of justice.
The victim and the accused were seen together by PW-2, Gajanan Marutrao Sonule on the date of commission of offence.
The persons recruited for Group ‘B’ and Group ‘C’ by the respective Union Territories stand on the same footing as that of the candidates so recruited by the various States where only the Scheduled Castes/Scheduled Tribes of the respective States can apply.
The normal rule in the cases involving criminal liability is against vicarious liability.
The normal rule in the cases involving criminal liability is against vicarious liability.
It cannot be extended by importing another fiction.
It had no connection with respondent's subsequent employment which began from '03.01.1966'.
All disputes & differences of any kind whatever arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts of Mumbai only.
We are of the view that the adoption of the multiplier of 17 would be appropriate.
We are of the view that the adoption of the multiplier of 17 would be appropriate.
The salient features of the Bill are- application of the legislation to the industries specified in the First Schedule to the Industries (Development and , 1951, with the initial exception of the scheduled industry relating to ships and other vessels drawn by power, which may however be brought within the ambit of the legislation in due course; Identification of sickness in an industrial company, registered for not less than seven years, on the basis of the symptomatic indices of cash losses for two consecutive financial years and accumulated losses equalling or exceeding the net worth of the company as at the end of the second financial year; the onus of reporting sickness and impending sickness at the stage of erosion of fifty per cent.
He could not identify the accused Sombhu Soren, Sagun Murmu or Suksanti Baskey.
It was hence, necessary to convert their human resources into assets compatible with business strategies through a variety of measures including constant upgradation of skills, achieving proper age and skill profile, creating opportunities for lateral as well as vertical career progression and including fresh skilled personnel with technical and professional skills for new business opportunities.
A Central Civil Services Authority should be constituted under the proposed Civil Services Bill.
The trial court also pointed out that the first respondent has admitted that three-phase electricity connection is required for carrying out the business of fabrication which he was allegedly carrying on in the suit premises.
Extension beyond maximum of 30 days, thus, can be permitted if the act could not be performed within 30 days for reasons beyond the control of the party.
On the basis of this judgment, it was submitted that upon the death of an applicant for mining lease, the application abates and the legal heirs would have no legal right to step into the shoes of the deceased applicant, and that such an application would be non est in the eyes of law.
On the basis of this judgment, it was submitted that upon the death of an applicant for mining lease, the application abates and the legal heirs would have no legal right to step into the shoes of the deceased applicant, and that such an application would be non est in the eyes of law.
Hence, the Taking over of Management Act has now served its purpose and the Central Government should repeal this Act.
A court may give effect to these alternative interpretations, always bearing in mind of the Evidence Act.
It goes without saying that the right of the petitioner for being considered by the NEET UG Medical Counselling, 2019 would be determined accordingly for admission into the MBBS 2019 course against the State quota seat as a person with disability.
Be that as it may, three courts have recorded the concurrent findings of fact that partition had never been given effect to in respect of the suit property.
On the other hand, the implementation of the various enactments relating to children, would possibly yield better results.
We have examined the submissions keeping in view the decisions cited.
While it may not be possible to make an exhaustive catalogue of those differences which may be referred to the President by the Lieutenant Governor, it must be emphasised that a difference within the meaning of the proviso cannot be a contrived difference.
Sufficient cause is a question of fact and the court has to exercise its discretion in the varied and special circumstances in the case at hand.
We are, therefore, of the considered opinion that judgment of Motilal Pesticides is erroneous.
Additional information / support documents may occasionally be obtained from the clients in case found necessary during appraisal.
What has been described as 'the chilling effect' induced by the threat of civil actions for libel is very important.
Yet again, depicting the active role assigned to the President, in the functioning of the higher judiciary.
Even though initially the income from the interest was shown as income from other sources in the return of income, however, the Respondent had raised an additional ground before the Tribunal to allow the set off of such interest against the public issue expenses.
Similarly, for imparting education to the students studying in the field of Dentistry, Dental Council of India (For short ‘the DCI’) has to regulate admissions so as to see that eligible and suitable students are admitted to the different courses in the field of dentistry.
A court, while imposing sentence, has to keep in view the various complex matters in mind.
These LOCs were essentially ‘Government to Government’ (G to G) credit lines as the credit agreements were signed between GOI and the Government of the recipient country.
For example, in para 17 of the judgment, the case of , (1980) 2 SCC 341 is referred to, in which this Court held that the Superintending Engineer was really vested with supervision of the execution of the work and administrative control which would not render the clause an arbitration clause.
He relied upon Rule 54 which provides for an election to be challenged only by way of an election petition.
We have heard Dr. Rajiv Dhawan and Mr. Mukul Rohatgi, learned senior counsel for the petitioners, Mr. Ajit Kumar Sinha, learned senior counsel for the Union of India and Mr. Vikas Singh, learned senior counsel along with Mr. Gaurav Sharma, learned counsel for the MCI.
He still stood as a second fiddle and perpetuated the negligence in giving treatment to the claimant’s wife.
This Court took the view that the period of limitation for convening a Court Martial would commence from the date on which the competent authority of the respondent came to know of the involvement of the respondent in the irregularities.
The initiative taken by him has today grown into a massive educational conclave in this region.
The National Knowledge Network and the National Mission on Education in ICT are key technology initiatives in the education sector.
Even according to the appellant since its incorporation in 1983, the appellant had grown into a gigantic NBFC; it had 20,000 shareholders.
The action of respondent no.2 herein (defendant no.1) in selling the property without any valid reason and family necessity is the subject matter in the suit.
Under these circumstances, one of the questions agitated for consideration by this Court was whether on the registration of a reference, the Division Bench of the High Court could pass orders in an appeal against an interim order passed by the Company Court.
The Licensing Authority and MCD were merely discharging their statutory functions (that is granting licence in the case of licensing authority and submitting an inspection report or issuing a NOC by the MCD).
The evidence on record indicates that he used a stick.
As the translation did not have the same meaning as the English questions, since some of the words used in Tamil were not accurately translated from English.
After completion of investigation charge-sheet was filed against the appellant and said Sk.
The Rule prescribes in categorical terms that the tribunal shall dismiss the petition in case of non-compliance.
With these few words, I once again welcome you, Your Majesty and your distinguished delegation.
It is also submitted that the Aadhaar Act is, in fact, the facilitator in empowering various facets of right to life under and thereby ensures that unprivileged class is also able to live with human dignity.
All major towns and district headquarters in the State have excellent rail links for both passengers and goods traffic.
The recent discovery of Higgs - boson particle highlights the epoch making contributions of Prof. Satyendra Nath Bose to particle physics.
The four villages were killed in firing whereas 42 were injured on the same day.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
This application can not be allowed as IOCL is not a party to the contract.
It in no uncertain terms provides that an error, omission or irregularity in the charge including any misjoinder of charges shall not invalidate any sentence or order passed by a Court of competent jurisdiction unless in the opinion of a Court of appeal, confirmation or revision a failure of justice has in fact been occasioned thereby.
The said advocate commissioner after conducting inspection of the suit property had submitted his report before the learned Trial Judge, the said report is not in dispute.
There was the acquisition of 24.46% equity share capital of MCFL on a single day of which 19.9% were acquired through the block and bulk deals.
After taking out of all the 186 packets, it was weighed and shown to be 10500 k.g.
Insofar as candidates belonging to the reserved categories are concerned, they are divided into two groups.
In the meantime, it will be open to the parties to file Interlocutory Application if orders and directions given above are not complied.
Learned senior counsel pointed out, that he had merely requested the then presiding Judge (Anil R. Dave, J.) not to take any part in the proceedings of the National Judicial Appointments Commission, during the hearing of these matters.
The High Court also found A1, A2 and A3 guilty of not making any attempt to provide any help to the deceased who was injured, which could have saved his life.
The foregoing should, therefore, not only shed light on the process of federal court decisionmaking in general, but also give much needed guidance for evaluating proposed changes to judicial selection.
In that case, there was no explanation for the delay between February 2, and May 28, 1987, yet it could not give rise to legitimate inference that the subjective satisfaction arrived at by the District Magistrate was not genuine or that the grounds were stale or illusory or that there was no rational connection between the grounds and the order of detention.
Similarly, the great poet of “Nala Damayanti  desired the readers to enjoy the description of the beauty of the princess appreciating the narrative but not to engage in pervert thinking.
Commission agent engaged to procure orders and not entrusted with the work of clearing and forwarding of the goods would be a person who, in the ordinary course of business, makes contracts for sale or purchase of goods for others.
Commission agent engaged to procure orders and not entrusted with the work of clearing and forwarding of the goods would be a person who, in the ordinary course of business, makes contracts for sale or purchase of goods for others.
But all the same, a person is not liable for alienation of affection for merely becoming a passive object of affection.
As the appellant (A-20) made a statement leading to the discovery of AK-56 assault rifle and two magazines having kept in his workshop and the same had been found concealed on the loft, he cannot escape from the liability of possessing and concealing of the same, thus liable to be punished under Section 5 TADA.
It has been said in the course of the debate that the retention of discretionary power in the Governor is contrary to responsible government in the provinces.
To maintain the sales and market share in the face of intense competition. It also helps in retaining the product in the customer 's mind.
The Respondent society claims to have applied before the Jaipur Development Authority (hereinafter referred to as the ‘JDA’) and deposited requisite charges etc. for regularisation of their proposed scheme as per G.Os. issued by the State Government, also for providing relief to the societies that had no construction on the land which belonged to them, on the date of initiation of acquisition proceedings.
Though the validity of the provisions of a legislative Act cannot be challenged on the ground it violates the basic structure of the Constitution, it can be challenged as violative of constitutional provisions which enshrine the principles of the rule of law, separation of powers and independence of the judiciary.
Though the validity of the provisions of a legislative Act cannot be challenged on the ground it violates the basic structure of the Constitution, it can be challenged as violative of constitutional provisions which enshrine the principles of the rule of law, separation of powers and independence of the judiciary.
Commenting on the nexus between the royalty and the price of food flavours, it was canvassed before the tribunal that the royalty and service charges were received by the assessee for use of the trade mark and for marketing services provided by it to the contract bottling units and even though flavours were supplied to independent manufacturers, neither royalty nor service charges were received from them and hence, the royalty bill had no nexus with the price of the food flavour.
Sub- section (5) stipulates certain contingencies where such ITC would not be admissible.
There is a clear indication that the Act proposes to protect the interest of those persons, among others who are affected by the acquisition.
Having dealt with the submissions advanced by the learned counsel for various States and the learned Additional Solicitor General for the Union of India, we shall presently proceed to deal with the correctness of the legal position as stated in Kone Elevators case.
The maximum cost of the project / unit admissible under business / service sector is Rs. 10 lakh.
We are satisfied that from the statements of eye- witnesses coupled with the medical evidence, it is proved that the accused caused injuries in the manner as propounded by the prosecution.
We are satisfied that from the statements of eye- witnesses coupled with the medical evidence, it is proved that the accused caused injuries in the manner as propounded by the prosecution.
Paragraph 858 Condemned prisoners to be searched twice daily - Morning and evening daily, the Deputy Superintendent or, under his directions, the Assistant Superintendent, shall carefully search every condemned prisoner and the cell he occupies, with his own hands and make a note of his having done so and of the result in his Journal.
It would be a different matter where the Government makes out a case where public interest was shown to have suffered owing to acts of fraud or collusion on the part of its officers or agents and where the officers were clearly at cross purposes with it.
For this application, only his sister – Pramjit Kaur has filed an affidavit strengthening the above points.
Food Supplements should be introduced for infants around 4 - 6 months.
In the absence of anything elicited in the cross-examination to indicate that these two witnesses were interested in the prosecution of the appellants we are in full agreement with the above-quoted observations of the High Court.
With this vision, he established a Women 's College in this university.
The instant matter is required to be considered in the light of the aforesaid principles.
For example, under any Parliamentary law with respect to which Legislative Assembly of Union Territory has no power to make laws, any power delegated to the State Government is authorised or delegated under the Parliamentary laws to exercise any function.
For example, under any Parliamentary law with respect to which Legislative Assembly of Union Territory has no power to make laws, any power delegated to the State Government is authorised or delegated under the Parliamentary laws to exercise any function.
Therefore, at the relevant time, the Managing Director was incompetent to dismiss the respondent.
I understand that Kannada has the highest number of awardees amongst regional languages and is next only to Hindi.
Cruelty in Pet Shops: Plea to Law Panel for Rules, Times of India (July 3, 2015), http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/Cruelty-in-pet-shops-Plea-to-law-panel- for-rules/articleshow/47918728.cms.
The BDA Act does not provide any provision in regard to compensation and manner of acquisition for which it refers to the provisions of the Land Acquisition Act.
The respondent had worked as helper for 11 months and 18 days.
It was pointed out with some emphasis, that the High Court had taken conscious notice of the fact, that ‘the 1999 Scheme’ was introduced by the State Government, after due deliberation by all concerned stake holders, and upon approval by the Chief Minister and his Cabinet.
I fear that these politicians can harm any person from my family and I am also not powerful enough to fight with them.
His mother was also limping as she was also assaulted.
Subal, A2-Bistu gave a call to kill them and burn their houses.
Price of the goods was inclusive of cost of material, Central excise duty, loading, transportation, transit risk and unloading charges, etc.
Each of them and both in conjunction affirm and enhance the democratic values on which the Cabinet form of government is founded.
Originally sixteen accused persons were tried for having committed offences under TADA Act and other enactments.
Since in every such case between trespassers the title must be outstanding in a third party a defendant will be placed in a position of dominance.
He submits that stay of payment of compensation is entirely different from the stay of fine which is a part of sentence imposed on accused.
Halsbury also adds that the doctrine applies equally in all courts, and it is immaterial in what court the former proceeding was taken, provided only that it was a Court of competent jurisdiction, or what form the proceeding took, provided it was really for the same cause (p. 187, paragraph 362).
Asansol is one of the largest cities in the State of West Bengal outside Kolkata Metropolitan area.
The original lessee gave declaration while seeking transfer, that no consideration was received which though apparently correct was actually false as the subsequent transaction of sale of shares was integral part of the first transaction of transfer of lease to private company which soon thereafter became subsidiary of another company.
The applicant made serious allegations against the respondents of having committed malpractices in the account books, and manipulation of the finances of the partnership firm.
The court is competent to exercise such power even suo motu if no such application has been filed by either of the parties.
The court is competent to exercise such power even suo motu if no such application has been filed by either of the parties.
Sub-section (5) of contained the provision barring a suit in any Court after the commencement of the Act in relation to any question referred to in sub-section (1).
According to the Appellants, if Rasna Marketing Services LL (R- 2) did not want to avail accelerated depreciation benefits, the same should have been intimated to the Appellants even before signing of the PPAs.
They had informed this fact to the Pradhan of Gram Panchayat, PW-2 Jai Singh.
An argument was advanced by the respondent/assessee that the packings/containers do not contain any label/indication to the effect that the subject goods are used on the hair.
In computing the total income of any previous year under this section, any income of the estate of that previous year distributed to, or applied to the benefit of, any specific legatee of the estate during that previous year shall be excluded; but the income so excluded shall be included in the total income of the previous year of such specific legatee.
We are of the view that all High Courts can adopt such guidelines if the same have not yet been adopted with such modifications as may be deemed necessary.
To this limited extent the Magistrate will make judicial scrutiny.
The JAL filed the appeal against this order before the Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals).
The JAL filed the appeal against this order before the Commissioner of Income Tax (Appeals).
Regulations, 1978  (hereinafter referred to as the “Regulations, 1978 ) for regulating the recruitment to the posts and the conditions of service of persons appointed to the Jal Nigam Engineers (Public Health Branch).
Constant contacts between them developed intimacy and in the year 1992, appellant left the job from the above-mentioned Company and started living with the respondent in a shared household.
Constant contacts between them developed intimacy and in the year 1992, appellant left the job from the above-mentioned Company and started living with the respondent in a shared household.
Seizure of the appellant’s car which was found abandoned at Malcha Marg with dry blood in the dicky establishes the prosecution case that the said car was used by the appellant to carry the dead body to the Bagia Restaurant.
A perusal of the facts narrated herein above would also show that there have been several rounds of litigation between the parties.
The Supreme Court may perhaps constitute a Committee of Judges and consult the Supreme Court Bar Association, if necessary.
This report also analysed the evidence which was collected during inquiry and made observations thereupon in para 9 with clear findings that the accident had resulted due to the negligence and bad maintenance.
This Court has consistently held that only in those exceptional cases where the crime is so brutal, diabolical and revolting so as to shock the collective conscience of the community, would it be appropriate to award death sentence.
While doing so the court must remain within its self-imposed limits.
Ba salts emit poisonous gas causing respiratory problem in short-term exposure too and may have other health complications in long-term exposure.
She sustained injuries on her neck and other parts of her body.
They are running a business of Photostat, telephone booth, fax, lamination etc.
Centre for Railway Information Systems.
Centre for Railway Information Systems.
Nonetheless, the legality of such subjective satisfaction is held by this Court to be amenable to the judicial scrutiny in exercise of the jurisdiction conferred under Articles 32 and 226 of the Constitution on certain limited grounds.
Inter-sectoral, inter-organisational and inter-institutional coordination, both, under the Central and State Governments in areas related to HIV/AIDS control and prevention.
The accident dated 9th February, 1981 resulted in the death of Jai Bhagwan.
International Community, organizations and Government of foreign countries also try to provide financial and other logistic support.
The court of sub Judge, Neyyattinkara heard the application for extension of time sought by the appellant for paying the balance court fee.
In other words, 68% of the scheduled caste women and 41% of the scheduled caste men would be ineligible to contest PANCHAYAT elections.
They can make pungent political satire of political leaders or system subject of course to decency, morality and Public Order.
More information on popular varieties of rice (External website that opens in a new window).
It is thus evident that the very conception of mortgage involves three principles.
It is thus evident that the very conception of mortgage involves three principles.
It is the submission of the appellant that inference should be drawn that the respondent company had collected sales-tax on packaged tea sold by the new industrial unit, and thus, there was violation of clause (e) of Explanation III to the Sales Tax Exemption Notification.
We cannot afford to ignore any of these ideals in pursuit of the other.
Relevant portion thereof has already been extracted above.
Thus, the second question is also answered by holding that the respondents 2 to 6 purchased the shares, as the nominees of the first respondent.
What is contemplated is that there must be a suspension when the applicant would have otherwise retired on superannuation.
What is contemplated is that there must be a suspension when the applicant would have otherwise retired on superannuation.
But, in case the police officer uses the entries in the diaries to refresh his memory or if the Court uses them for the purpose of contradicting such police officer, then the provisions of and , as the case may be, of the would apply.
Under these circumstances, this Court had directed the Government to pay interest @ 12 per cent on the amount awarded to compensate the loss caused to the appellants therein.
There is no perversity in the said finding.
This function must be performed carefully because any error committed at the time of hiring manpower may prove to be very costly for the firm both in the short as well as long term.
Special Officer for cashew industry, Kollam for necessary action.
The learned counsel for the State of Haryana defended the Notifications dated 27.06.2007 and 21.10.2015 on the ground that they were issued to protect the fundamental rights of the workers.
The Hon’ble Chief Justice of India has constituted a Bench on administrative side after the aforesaid decision of this Court in which, this precise question, as to the competence of the Chief Justice to constitute a Bench, has been decided; as such, the submission made by Shri Shanti Bhushan, learned senior counsel, is hereby rejected.
You cannot decide any case against my wishes .
The said chart also shows that in this category, 181 persons received various amounts depending on the value of the property lost.
We have heard the preliminary objections with regard to the writ petition and we are not convinced that the writ petition is not maintainable.
Lest, it would amount to expressing our views in the pending proceedings between the parties.
One would expect, that all his dreams of a happy married life, came to be shattered after seeing the medical condition of his wife, specially in the background of the assessment made by the experts being consulted.
The petitioner has made reference to certain cases, which according to petitioner reflects and establishes gross abuse of powers.
The petitioner has made reference to certain cases, which according to petitioner reflects and establishes gross abuse of powers.
Counsels Dr. Kedar Nath Tripathy, Mr. B. B. Pradhan, Mr. Susanta Kr.
Had Suresh Singhal and his father late Pritpal Singhal preplanned the murder, they would have chosen some other place to execute their plan and would not have done it in the office of the informant, in the presence of a number of persons.
Section 365F Removal of disqualification attaching to conviction.
Where the sale in the course of wholesale trade is effected by the assessee through its sales organisation at a place or places outside the factory gate, the expenses incurred by the assessee upto the date of delivery under the aforesaid heads cannot, on the same grounds, be deducted.
In the case of materials short used, though drawn according to schedule this recovery will be in addition to the recovery to be made for the cost of materials not returned as stipulated above.
In the case of materials short used, though drawn according to schedule this recovery will be in addition to the recovery to be made for the cost of materials not returned as stipulated above.
Thus analysed, we find that the view expressed by the High court on this score is absolutely flawless and we concur with the same.
The object of creating offence and penalty under the Employees’ , 1948 is clearly to create deterrence against violation of provisions of the Act which are beneficial for the employees.
In the year 1966, the Bill introducing death penalty abolition was passed by the House of Parliament in England.
The measure is aimed at facilitating port trusts to attract new technology, introduce better managerial process, expedite implementation of schemes, foster strategic alliance with minor ports for creation of optimal port infrastructure and enhance confidence of private sector in funding ports.
He also fired a second shot, but the bullet could not come out.
He also fired a second shot, but the bullet could not come out.
Attachment of property in custody of court or public officer.
Respondent - Mehar Singh has not been exonerated after evaluation of the evidence.
However, in all cases the State could present appeal against order of acquittal.
We find that first order dated 24.4.2013 was issued for grant of ACP.
Rachana Joshi Issar has taken trouble to convince us, that, what would be payable by the NTPC to the Construction Company is only the difference between the ‘fair wages’ paid by the contractor and the ‘minimum wages’ fixed by way of legislation.
In India, heart disease is the single largest cause of death in the country.
For the same reason, the Co-operative Tribunal rejected the contention advanced on behalf of Pratima Chowdhury, that she had never appeared before the notary at Calcutta because she had never gone to Calcutta during the period when the documents dated 11.11.1992 and 13.11.1992 were executed.
While insisting on economic integration of the nation, Courts are to keep in view the regional requirements so as to cater to the need of economic development of the nation as a whole.
On 11-10-2003 at about 3-1 p.m., I conducted postmortem on the dead body of a male body by name Somarouthu Tirupathirao, first deceased.
To train students for a globalized world, there is need for competent faculty to render world-class teaching.
Let the statement of respondent No. 2 be recorded who is identified by her counsel.
18) Indian Hotel and Restaurants Association (1) As already noted above, any person intending to start an eating house and restaurant is required to have certain licenses under the Bombay Police Act which is known as public entertainment licence.
Prius’ with the sole intention of enjoying the benefits from the use of the said mark.
This clearly implies that he was expected to reply the queries in Column 12 with reference to his initial appointment, even though Clauses 12(b) and (c) of the form stated that the information should be as on the date of signing of the attestation form.
A processing charge was paid by Hindustan Lever Limited for this job work, and it is clear that different processing charges were paid depending upon the size of the product and the product itself.
A processing charge was paid by Hindustan Lever Limited for this job work, and it is clear that different processing charges were paid depending upon the size of the product and the product itself.
The Central and State Governments must effectively partner with the private sector and civil society in their endeavour to create an inclusive society.
Being the largest conservation project in the country and first green project of Kerala Government, Muziris Heritage project has a lot to boast about, be it in the area of heritage, conservation or tourism.
A reading of Ext. 47 would only indicate that the appellant got married with Purnabai for getting a son and as he had his first wife also, some problems used to take place between Purnabai and his first wife in his house and the dispute was brought before the Panchas and the Panchas advised the appellant to treat both the wives well.
On the question whether the rights of minority institutions regarding admission of students and to lay down the procedure and method of admission would be affected, in any way, by receipt of State aid, the learned Judges were of the view that while giving aid to professional institutions, it would be permissible for the authority giving aid to prescribe conditions in that regard, without, however, affecting the right of such institutions to actually admit students in the different courses run by them.
However, these would not be the relevant considerations in the present case as we cannot forget that the present appeal arises out of civil proceedings filed in the form of a suit by the respondent and once it is found that the respondent has not been able to prove title by adverse possession, no such aspects, not coming within the scope of the suit proceedings, can be looked into.
In any event, if he had any doubt with regard to the above said aspect he should have approached this Court through the Learned Government Advocate by filing an application seeking clarification.
We have also gone through the protest petition along with the counter affidavit.
These include schemes for training of entrepreneurs, creation of infrastructural facilities for fruits and vegetables processing including mushroom processing, Hops and industrial estates, setting up / expansion / upgradation of F & VP units and development of backward linkages through contract farming, market promotion through advertisement, promotion of FPO symbol and marketing of small manufacturers' products under common brand name, setting up of Quality Control Labs and Research & Development in identifying new techniques and practices including those for packaging.
It is submitted that there was clear arbitration agreement in the retirement deed as well as in the partnership deed as has been noted by District Judge and the suit could not have proceeded.
While examining the contention in the said background, principle no.1 in paragraph 25 came to be rendered.
Any further extension cannot validate the act of initial arrest.
Both the suits were filed in July, 2002.
They continue in force until and unless altered, repealed or amended.
Nothing contained in this Act shall prevent the use of Aadhaar number for establishing the identity of an individual for any purpose, whether by the State or any body corporate or person, pursuant to any law, for the time being in force, or any contract to this effect: Provided that the use of Aadhaar number under this section shall be subject to the procedure and obligations under and Chapter VI.
There is collusion between the State Government and respondent no.2 discriminating against the appellant.
There is collusion between the State Government and respondent no.2 discriminating against the appellant.
Haryana has added several factors as has been mentioned above.
They cannot challenge the election of the appellant to the office of Adhyaksha by filing an election petition as they are not the members of the Zilla Panchayat in question.
They cannot challenge the election of the appellant to the office of Adhyaksha by filing an election petition as they are not the members of the Zilla Panchayat in question.
However, even if the provision were to be given a purposive interpretation, that does not necessarily lead to the interpretation that must refer to the caste, religion, race, community or language of the voter.
High Court by order dated 10.05.2018, adjourned the proceedings considering the facts and prayers made by the learned counsel for the appellant.
Such persons have to be paid the sum mentioned in the award, it being well settled that the award is only an offer which may be accepted or rejected by the claimants.
Md. Sahadat and Noor Alam had fired at the deceased near the house of Samshul.
Member (J).
Against the learned Single Judge’s Order, matter was taken in appeal before Division Bench, where direction to pay 50% of back wages was issued.
Learned counsel for Prakash sought to take advantage of two discrepant statements made by Shivanna in his cross-examination.
And it is these fundamental juristic notions which we must try to study and analyse before we approach the study of the Islamic civil law as a whole, or even that small part of it which in India is known as Muslim law.
The High Court would not interfere unless the findings are found to be perverse.
In the present case, we may notice that no contention has been raised before us that the subject matter of legislation was within the competence of State Legislature, and that the Parliament had no competence to legislate.
In the present case, we may notice that no contention has been raised before us that the subject matter of legislation was within the competence of State Legislature, and that the Parliament had no competence to legislate.
Thus the above judgment of Delhi High Court has no application in the facts of the present case.
By the same token, the State shall not impede the free flow of information that will go a long way in protecting and promoting citizen’s rights.
Of them, we are only concerned with those private companies which became public companies by virtue of operation of , that is, those private companies which had accepted deposits from PUBLIC.
We also find force in the submission of learned counsel for the assessees that the revenue’s construction of Rule 20 would achieve indirectly what cannot be achieved directly, having regard to the mandatory language contained in Rule 13 second proviso.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has condoled the passing away of mother of His Excellency Alexander Lukashenko, the President Republic of Belarus.
W.5 to W.11, similarly placed workmen were ordered to be reinstated with lesser punishment of stoppage of few increments.
He further submitted that the recoveries alleged to have been made by the prosecution are not acceptable and, in any event, it contained several infirmities.
He further submitted that the recoveries alleged to have been made by the prosecution are not acceptable and, in any event, it contained several infirmities.
The Employees' is a social security legislation and the canons of interpreting a social legislation are different from the canons of interpretation of taxation law.
Therefore, I complete the formality and overrule A.S. Impex since it does not lay down the correct law in this regard.
The allegations against the advocate of mixing up with the petitioner cannot be believed because the respondent had not preferred any complaint against the advocate for mixing up with the opposite side.
Six separate reasons have been expressed, by the competent authority in arriving at its conclusion.
Six separate reasons have been expressed, by the competent authority in arriving at its conclusion.
The only responsibility allocated to the Governor under , is of making rules as to the procedure with respect to communications between the two Houses of State Legislature.
It is contended that the will contains agreement of both husband and wife to settle their property in a particular manner i.e. for charities and the testatrix having obtained the benefit under the will after the death of her husband, cannot be allowed to revoke the will, which revocation is directly in breach of the agreement between the husband and wife and contrary to the trust created by the will.
On 28th April, 2016, in W.P.(C)No.261/2016 a statement was made by the learned counsel for MCI, CBSE and Union of India that for the academic year 2016-17, NEET would be held.
These have contributed to greater academic exchanges between India and Bangladesh.
Research and innovation must go hand in hand and should be focused on solving our country’s myriad developmental problems.
Accordingly, he dropped Bashir, Gul Mohammed (A-77), Anwar Theba and Yeda Yakub.
The cavil on the competence of the Court of the Chief Judicial Magistrate, Bhopal to entertain the complaint and take cognizance of the offences alleged, though reduced to an academic exercise, in view of the above determination needs to be dealt with in the passing.
IFCI Venture Capital Funds Ltd. (IFCI Venture) was originally set up by IFCI as a Society by the name of Risk Capital Foundation (RCF) in 1975 to provide institutional support to first generation professionals and technocrats setting up their own ventures in the medium scale sector through soft loans, under the Risk Capital Scheme.
As can be seen from the A.P.
The ambit of must in a contemporary context incorporate all avenues of trade, commerce and intercourse and the instrumentalities by which they flourish.
The existing basic banking ‘no - frills’ accounts should be converted to ‘Basic Savings Bank Deposit Account’ as per the instructions contained in para 2 above.
The flexibility is available in the procedure as well as the way solutions 7 ATR 1934 PC 105 23 are found to the dispute.
The international trade to GDP ratio, which was less than 15 per cent in 1991-92, is now close to 42 per cent.
It is a masterpiece of Orissa 's medieval architecture and one of India' s most famous Brahman sanctuaries.
The occular evidence of the eye witnesses is corroborated by the medical and forensic evidence on record.
Being an exceptional power, the government must be circumspect in exercising power of urgency.
Being an exceptional power, the government must be circumspect in exercising power of urgency.
At the cost of repetition, it is reiterated that the appellants and/or their predecessors were tardy and lethargic.
Rule 6 adverts to the procedure where land is disposed of by direct negotiations.
But to this the qualification must be added that, if such a party is to be bound by a previous judgment, it must be proved clearly that he had or must be deemed to have had notice that the relevant question was in issue and would have to be decided.
Respondent No.1 was arrested vide arrest panchnama Ext.P-18 and was sent for medical examination.
While ordering issuance of process against the accused, the Magistrate must take into consideration the averments in the complaint, statement of the complainant examined on oath and the statement of witnesses examined.
This measure is expected to strengthen the indigenous defence industry.
It may have recourse against those officers.
In the cross- examination the defence had nowhere challenged the genuineness or authenticity of these documents.
It also quoted regulations adopted abroad, particularly in the United Kingdom by passing of the Legal Services Act, 2007 with an express purpose to set up an independent Board to examine allegations of lawyers’ misconduct.
This important factual and legal aspect has been conveniently ignored by the authorities including the High Court while adverting to Exh.A1, the mortgage deed.
But where you get a situation which involves the use of some special skill or competence, then the test as to whether there has been negligence or not is not the test of the man on the top of a Clapham omnibus, because he has not got this man exercising and professing to have that special skill.
So was it with Swami Vivekananda’s voyage to Chicago 120 year ago today.
If we look into , Article itself enumerates aggravating and mitigating circumstances.
During this period no police officer met him.
At all times, the Governor may exercise this discretion only to ensure that the system of responsible government in the State functions in accordance with the norms envisaged in the Constitution, and as postulated by the Constituent Assembly and Dr. Ambedkar.
Judge Kulkarni, Judge Modak and Judge Loya travelled together by the same train from Mumbai to Nagpur on 29 November 2014 and arrived in Nagpur on the morning of 30 November 2014.
It may be mentioned that Section 80-IA inserted by the , 1991 and was amended from time to time.
Provided that if the period of sub-lease expires before the expiry of the lease granted under sub-section (1) then in that condition at the time of renewal of the sublease, the State Government shall have power to revise the amount of rent payable to State Government by the lessee.
Bill, 2012 becomes law, the livelihood of millions would be saved and they will get protection against constant harassment and victimization which has so far been an order of the day.
Speaking on the occasion, the President lauded the Scouts and Guides Movement in India for its success in developing a wide national network and also in connecting with counterpart organizations throughout the world to spread friendship and cooperation.
Under Government Sector, there are seven coir fibre factories, five coir production cum demonstration centers, and seven fibre curling units, functioning under coir sector.
In this case, the then Chief Justice of the concerned High Court ordered that examination conducted for the posts of ‘Translators’ be treated as competitive examination and only those candidates who secured a minimum of 75% marks be selected to fill up the posts in questions.
Moreover, has no application to vary or amend or review a quasi judicial order.
Already there is a great deal of debate going on regarding the scope of judicial review by the High Courts and the Supreme Court pertaining to the legislative and the executive acts of the governmental authorities and the debates remain inconclusive in spite of taking place at regular intervals, very frequently and in a highly emotive way.
She had told him about the demand from her in-laws' for the dowry.
In view of this, the situation does not warrant a declaration of a drought.
(b) any offence punishable with imprisonment which may extend to seven years or with a more severe sentence.
(b) any offence punishable with imprisonment which may extend to seven years or with a more severe sentence.
(b) any offence punishable with imprisonment which may extend to seven years or with a more severe sentence.
Limited inquiry from the aforesaid perspective, into the provisions of 2014 Rules can also be undertaken to find out as to whether those provisions amount to nullifying the effect of the very merger of BSES with BES.
In assigning the role of a strong centre in the federal polity, the founding fathers had a constitutional vision for preserving the political unity of free and democratic India.
The idea is to reduce the time lag between cash receipts and its disbursement.
Mr. Virag Gupta learned counsel, Mr. Mathews J. Nedumpara, learned Advocate and other petitioners/intervenors appearing in-person.
The set of loci to be analysed has to be identified as soon as possible in concordance with the scientific community in the countries mostly involved.
It is a small town located on the southern edge of Khasi Hills.
The Court held as follows: 24. and another6, on the basis of a First Information Report lodged by the Police after investigation, a final report came to be filed.
The issue raised in this appeal is whether a writ application is maintainable against an order of West Bengal Land Reforms and Tenancy Tribunal ('the Tribunal'), refusing to initiate contempt proceedings against an authority arrayed as respondent no.5 before the Tribunal.
Under article 217 of the Constitution for appointment as a Judge of the High Court.
It mentions the total number of seats allotted to each State while also specifying the number of seats reserved for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes.
Having heard the learned counsel for the parties and on perusal of the record of the case, we find no merit in the appeals.
The Rules do define the word ‘commercial’.
The trial court appears to have accepted the written statement filed by the daughter of the petitioner as the guardian of the petitioner without arriving at any finding.
Limits / advances upto Rs. 10 lakhs per farmer can be extended for a maximum period of 12 months.
In the lodge Dr. Ansari prepared two bombs, which were covered by Plaster of Paris.
Provided that an employee who attained the age of sixty years before the final allotment to the State of Andhra Pradesh by the government of India, the service rendered in the State of Telangana till the date of his retirement shall be considered notionally as if, he has rendered service in the State of Andhra Pradesh for the purpose of calculation of his pensionary benefits.
It is also borne from the record that the learned Single Judge, while dismissing the writ petition, dealt with these issues, which touched upon the merits of the main issue.
Once this difference is appreciated, an order of detention passed and remaining unexecuted for several years becomes open to question regarding its executability.
Petitioner could have withdrawn the provident fund, when he took voluntary retirement on 31.5.2001 in not withdrawing the provident fund amount is for the reasons that he had the benefit of good amount of interest.
Immense the injured part in cold water.
Understood in its ordinary meaning, it is of wide import and is not confined to loss of tax.
Further, the Corporation is not subservient to Air India but is a servant to its Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association.
However, an appeal against the said judgment is said to be pending.
Shri Aman Lekhi making his submission in rejoinder contends that condition of the auction of the property under which the writ petitioner was declared the highest bidder itself mentions that what was proposed to be sold was leasehold rights.
It appears that the said observations are made with respect to role of the auditors.
It cannot be gainsaid that the reasonable opportunity of hearing, as obligated by inheres fairness in action to meet the legislative edict.
This Court, on 6.12.1990, advised the appellant to file a special leave petition from the order of the High Court dismissing his writ petition dated 5.2.1962, with an appropriate application for condonation of delay.
The stories and experiences of their journey towards success will serve as an immense source of inspiration and motivation surely to all women.
For the purpose of working out the remissions the sentence of transportation for life is ordinarily equated with a definite period, but it is only for that particular purpose and not for any other purpose.
I compliment your Association for publishing a commemorative volume which highlights the sterling contribution of these founding members.
It is also located at a place which is stipulated in the said notification.
Once the Board has cleared the film for public viewing, screening of the same cannot be prohibited in the manner as sought to be done by the State in the present case.
Once the Board has cleared the film for public viewing, screening of the same cannot be prohibited in the manner as sought to be done by the State in the present case.
Further if the complainant has or had any remedy by way of appeal, revision, review or other proceedings before any tribunal, court officer or other authority and has not availed of the same, the Lokayukta and Upa Lokayukta shall not conduct any investigation under the Act, in other words, they have to act within the four corners of the Act.
To organize training camps in Pakistan and in India to import and undergo weapons training in handling of arms, ammunitions and explosives to commit terrorist acts.
To organize training camps in Pakistan and in India to import and undergo weapons training in handling of arms, ammunitions and explosives to commit terrorist acts.
The availability of faculty and their presence on the date of inspection is a matter for factual determination and cannot be re-appreciated by the court.
This unique initiative, which I am told is the first-of-its-kind in the country, signals a new era in Governance.
However, we hasten to add here itself that the Government’s conduct in the form of certain submissions before the High Court may have generated confusion in the mind of the High Court while arriving at the conclusion that parity should be maintained between the MEA and the IMTRAT.
It is also clear that non-supply of report of the inquiry officer is in the breach of natural justice.
In case the owner of the private bus defaults in the discharge of any of his statutory liability, KSRTC reserves the right to deduct such amounts from the amount payable to the owner as it is sufficient to discharge the liability, and if the liability is more than the amounts payable by KSRTC to the owner, the owner alone shall be liable to discharge the liability and/or to make good the amount to KSRTC, if discharged by KSRTC.
The said material was filled into 196 boxes and these boxes were then sealed by wrapping them up in Bardan (Jute bags).
The said material was filled into 196 boxes and these boxes were then sealed by wrapping them up in Bardan (Jute bags).
Learned Amicus Curiae and Shri Nidhesh Gupta, learned senior counsel have refuted the claim made by the applicants as well as the State of Meghalaya.
In view of the above, we do not find any merit in this appeal.
In view of the above, we do not find any merit in this appeal.
He has deposed as to the genuineness of the photographs by deposing that the software used for developing the photographs was tamper proof.
While framing regulations under , MERC is required by to be guided by the “National Electricity Policy and tariff policy .
Judgment of this Court in Kamrunissa versus Union of India2 to the effect that the ‘run over’ was different from ‘untoward incident’ was distinguished.
This balance of vitamin D, calcium, and phosphate is essential to the growth and maintenance of bones, especially in children.
He had tears in his eyes as he spoke, and his gaze went often to the garlanded photograph of Loya hanging on the wall of the ancestral home.
On hearing hues and cries, the villagers gathered at the place and the accused fled away.
On hearing hues and cries, the villagers gathered at the place and the accused fled away.
Procedures for the disbursal of benefits must not be oppressive.
This case is not concerned with a decision impacting the privacy of the appellants on the magnitude of criminal sanctions or an absolute prohibition on the appellants' conduct.
For example, there is, as per the rules of the Central Government, a 40-point roster which has been prescribed which deals with the quotas for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes.
For example, there is, as per the rules of the Central Government, a 40-point roster which has been prescribed which deals with the quotas for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes.
It may be stated that owing to the passage of time, four of these are since deceased namely Mr. Bala Saheb Thackeray, Mr. Moreshwar Save, Mr. Mahant Avaidyanath and Mr. Prama Hans Ram Chandra Das.
Further, though Faculty in Engineering was set up in the year 2003 there was no regular Engineering College at the main campus of JRN and said Faculty received AICTE approval to conduct regular four year degree courses in Engineering only from the year 2010 and at Study Centres no regular four year degree courses in Engineering were being conducted but students having diplomas in engineering would be given lateral entry at second year level.
SGOT 169 IU/L  9 At 8 pm, the patient had a cardiac arrest.
The agreement further provided that all other charges indicated in the bills preferred by the licensee (including transformation/conversion and distribution loss proportionate to the respective tenants' consumption), along with proportionate cost towards operation and maintenance of the landlord's plant and equipment and other reasonable expenses for transformation/conversion and distribution of energy as and by way of electric charge, could also be recovered by the landlord from the tenants.
The learned Trial Judge by his order dated 23.01.2001 dismissed the probate proceedings instituted by the first respondent (later converted into a Suit being T.O.S. No. 16 of 1994) by holding that the execution of the Will dated 11.1.1982 is surrounded by a host of suspicious circumstances rendering the same legally unacceptable.
By virtue of the amendment whether admissions are oral or in writing, court is empowered at any stage of the suit to give judgment on such admissions.
This is without prejudice to the prosecution to be launched under the general penal law for the commission of offences including abetment and conspiracy.
Atma Ram then got up and proceeded towards the room of Basanti Lal but the door of Atma Ram’s staircase was also bolted from outside, therefore he could not go out and awoke Vijay Kumar, who was residing with him.
Dr. Kewade – PW3, who conducted the post mortem, had deposed as well as stated in the report the ghastly manner in which the crime was executed.
While Jitender and Tushar were holding Satish Bhiaya, I went and started the Pajero car reversed it and got it near my counter.
It may not be necessary that all members take part in the actual assault[21].
Deve Sugars Ltd. – N. Ponnusamy raised a challenge to the proceedings before the Recovery Officer by asserting, that the reserve price of Rs.10 crores fixed for the property being put to auction, was too low.
Having heard the learned counsels on both sides, we have perused the order dated 18.05.2018 passed by the High Court and other material placed on record.
In this case though the third party petitioner is not claiming any title over the property.
They have to monitor the proceedings in aid of justice in a manner that something, which is not relevant, is not unnecessarily brought into record.
They have to monitor the proceedings in aid of justice in a manner that something, which is not relevant, is not unnecessarily brought into record.
It seems to us, however, that wide though the power appears to be, it can be exercised only in an emergency and for the purpose of preventing obstruction, annoyance or injury to any person lawfully employed, or danger to human life, health or safety, or a disturbance of the public tranquility or a riot, or “an affray .
The text of the Eighth Amendment reads, “excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted .
In their range and content, those principles address issues broader than the acts which the statute penalises.
On this information, the complainant immediately rushed to B.D. Pandey Hospital and saw that his brother Rajesh was in operation theatre.
A particular but very important aspect of the laws governing disputes arising in Transnational litigation is about the applicability of the law of limitation and the choice of law.
It is also pertinent to mention here that the learned Trial Judge who has been conducting the trial is likely to retire very soon.
In the above factual position , there would be no difficulty for us to accept the contention advanced at the hands of the learned senior counsel for the appellants.
It is the function of the Legislature to amend, modify or repeal it, if deemed necessary.
Over eight thousand students of IARI have been awarded post-graduate or PhD degrees so far.
Successful entrepreneurs innovate, bring new products and concepts to the market, improve market efficiency, build wealth, create jobs, and enhance economic growth.
It is pertinent to mention here that Section 8A .
It is against this order of the Division Bench, the Union (petitioner in SCA) felt aggrieved and has filed the present appeal in this Court after obtaining the special leave to appeal.
Let us first of all examine whether the right to sue survived to the appellant alone or the right to sue was available to the LRs of the deceased appellant as well.
In the present case, inspite of direction of the High Court as long back as more than ten years, no action is shown to have been taken by the Bar Council.
At that time Asgar was also present there.
Respondent no.1 has submitted its bid as an individual bidder and not as a consortium and hence the certificate of a third party could not be considered for the benefit of meeting the technical qualification of respondent no.1.
The aforesaid decision also noted a certain aspect which has been highlighted by the State of Karnataka in the course of arguments and we shall be dealing with it in extenso at a later stage.
The accused was arrested and brought to Delhi where he was medico legally examined by a doctor.
The accused was arrested and brought to Delhi where he was medico legally examined by a doctor.
The challenge to the Scheme dated 24.01.2009 contained almost same grounds on which Act, 2016 has been attacked.
As sometimes, the Courts take a very liberal view in granting anticipatory bail to criminals, it was considered that such powers should be taken away from the Court of Session and vest only in the High Court even though it will make difficult for the poor persons to avail of the provisions of anticipatory bail.
It was averred that the petitioner has recently got possession of shop nos. 2 and 11 on the ground floor and the entire first floor of the said property from the earlier tenants / occupants.
With that we come to the next question as to whether the act of surrender in order to become complete should have been accepted by the State.
The next issue is whether the results gathered from the impugned tests amount to ‘testimonial compulsion’, thereby attracting the prohibition of For this purpose, it is necessary to survey the precedents which deal with what constitutes ‘testimonial compulsion’ and how testimonial acts are distinguished from the collection of physical evidence.
We must nurture and preserve this spirit which has made our country a rich amalgam of multiple cultures.
As noted above, the width of road for Missing Link-II is 200 feet.
Therefore, the tackling of food adulteration is required to be given due importance for its serious effect on the health of the public.
There is therefore a strong privacy interest in maintaining confidentiality.
Numetal is a newly incorporated joint venture between Aurora Enterprises Limited, Crinium Bay, Indo International Limited and Tyazhpromexport.
The Doctor should have spoken of the sequence of events in which the Tehsildar came to record the Dying Declaration.
The Statement of objects and reasons of the Bill, delineates the purpose that was sought to be achieved through the enactment.
P. Sathasivam, J. 13.06.2012 passed by the High Court of Judicature of Andhra Pradesh at Hyderabad in Criminal Petition No. 4387 of 2012, whereby the High Court dismissed the petition filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI)- the appellant herein seeking cancellation of bail granted to the respondent herein.
Once responsibility is given they are to be carried out with sanguine responsibility.
Once responsibility is given they are to be carried out with sanguine responsibility.
Marico Depot as per the dispatch schedule.
Apart from the above, the Settlement which was entered into between the writ petitioners and the State, was dependent on several factors, including the fact that the occupants of the lands in question had surrendered 22 kanals of prime land out of 37 kanals and 5 marlas in favour of the Custodian Department while remaining in possession of 15 kanals and 5 marlas, which were to be settled with them.
Our own senses are ringing the alarm bells.
Thereafter, i.e. after a gap of thirteen years, the Supreme Court invited applications for allotment of Lawyers’ chambers on October 31, 2017 and May 16, 2018 vide Notice inviting applications where eligibility criteria was also stipulated.
However, it is not open to the appellants to raise such an argument.
Her husband gave her beatings under the influence of intoxication.
This is the basic, nay, the only reason given by the High Court in support of its conclusion.
This is the basic, nay, the only reason given by the High Court in support of its conclusion.
It has been rejected by the SAT by giving detailed reasons.
It has been rejected by the SAT by giving detailed reasons.
It was submitted that based on the evidence of Hanuman Din, the first appellate court recorded finding that patta was granted in favour of Gaya Din in the year 1954 by which time, the tradition of Pawai has been removed and therefore, patta granted in favour of Gaya Din is not a valid one.
We having held that writ petitioner is not entitled for refund of conversion charges, we direct the DDA to process the writ petitioner’s application for conversion of the leasehold rights into freehold rights.
The claim under the Act of 1958 was not advanced.
Thereafter, the accused assaulted PW-5 Ananta by hurling brick-bats.
The Science, Technology and Innovation Policy, 2013 which makes innovation a key goal should be leveraged by our medical schools, research laboratories, and the pharmaceutical and instrumentation industries to further the cause of Indian healthcare.
This Court in the above judgment laid down that reading down the provisions of a statute cannot be resorted to when the meaning thereof is plain and unambiguous and the legislative intent is clear.
Resettlement & rehabilitation aspects of project affected persons.
The Welfare Board is not an administrative body, but is a body corporate, having perpetual succession and a common seal and which may sue and be sued.
Thus, easy access to justice to all sections of people and provision of legal aid for the poor and needy and dispensation of justice by an independent Judiciary within a reasonable time are the cherished goals of our Constitutional Republic and for that matter, of any progressive democracy.
Ext.Ka-3 is related to the deceased.
About 100 National Talent Scholarships for undergraduate studies, 275 Junior Research Fellowships for post - graduate studies and 200 Senior Research Fellowships for Ph. D provided every year towards the Human Resource Development, national integration and reducing inbreeding.
Keeping in mind the stand taken by the department, this Court (presided by Chief Justice T.S.Thakur as he then was) vide order dated 11th December, 2015 permitted the appropriate Authority to revisit the matter afresh and take a decision as may be advised.
He further stated that while the appellant was so working as Cash Clerk, the appellant used to receive cash from the depositors for depositing the same in their Saving Bank accounts and used to make the entries in the Cash Book then and there and return the pass book to the customers by pocketing the cash so given to him without making any credit entry in the ledger.
I joined in service during 1998 as incharge of Hindu Grave yard at Melpattu Ponnappa Mudali street, Chennai belonging to Chennai Corporation; that my immediate superior officer is the Assistant Health Officer’.
Hence this undertaking.
After availing the scheme for a month by paying the duty in advance, if the assessee ends up in a situation of not being able to produce the quantum of goods equivalent to 1/12 of his ACP, we see no reason which compels the assessee to continue the availment of concessional rate of duty (for the next month) on a quantum of production which he is unable to achieve.
The ever - expanding middle class and increase in health awareness, has lead the growing consumption of almond in the country in recent years.
However, surrounding circumstances like when the message was sent; from whom and to whom the message was sent; and location from which the message was sent would include meta data.
The Bombay High Court held that the arbitration clause in the agreement was binding.
The Section does not differentiate between the property inherited and self acquired property of a Hindu female it only prescribes that if a property is inherited from 17 husband or father-in-law, it would go to her husband’s heirs and if the property is inherited from her father or mother, in that case, the property would not go to her husband’s but to the heirs of the father and mother.
India is in the Top 10 Research Producing Nations Globally.
The patients irrespective of their social, cultural and economic background are entitled to be treated with dignity which not only forms their fundamental right but also their human right.
Mr. Ajit Kumar Sinha, learned senior counsel appearing for the appellant, at the outset, submitted that when the instant matter was taken up by the Court during vacation on May 29, 2017, learned counsel for Respondent No. 5 had made a categorical statement that Respondent no. 5 wanted to withdraw from the auction with liberty to approach Special Officer appointed by the Calcutta High Court.
Since the appellant remained silent, P.W.3 suspected that the gunny bags might be containing contraband articles.
The dispute in that case was between the State of Himachal Pradesh on the one hand and the Union of India, State of Punjab, State of Haryana, State of Rajasthan and Union Territory of Chandigarh on the other relating to the power generated in the Bhakra-Nangal and Beas Projects.
According to him, there were about 10-12 motor vehicles like Ambassador cars, Maruti cars, Commander jeeps and scooters.
In his message toHis Excellency Mr. Klaus Iohannis, President of Romania, the President has said, 'On behalf of the Government, the people of India and on my own behalf, it gives me immense pleasure to send you and to the people of Romania warm greetings and felicitations on the occasion of your National Day.
In his message toHis Excellency Mr. Klaus Iohannis, President of Romania, the President has said, 'On behalf of the Government, the people of India and on my own behalf, it gives me immense pleasure to send you and to the people of Romania warm greetings and felicitations on the occasion of your National Day.
In the facts of the present case, we do not find any ground to interfere with the concurrent finding of the SEBI and the SAT that request for withdrawal from public offer was not justified.
The baby was in the custody of the appellant and her contemporaneous conduct has been deposed to by Shakuntala Arora PW - 1 who was the Assistant Nursing Superintendent on duty.
In any case, we are of the view that the majority judgment is good law when it speaks of being designed to assure the dignity of the individual as a most cherished human value which ensures the means of full development and evolution of a human being.
The said defect is sought to be rectified by placing the same document showing the name of the Departmental Secretary by means of another I.A. (I.A. No.8).
The said votes now can not be traced out & segregated.
Going by the aforesaid considerations, the respondent has carved out the categories of HGOs on the parameters of experience as well as financial strength of HGOs.
Our proposal is also that in addition to sitting Judges, retired High Court Judges who have had a proven record of efficiency and who have adequate experience in civil and commercial laws must be appointed under Art. 224A of the Constitution of India to man these Courts.
This shows that the respondent No. 6 files an affidavit to secure the caste and income certificate from the respondent No.5, who issued the certificate in a mortal hurry.
The “last seen theory  holds the courts to shift the burden of proof to the accused and the accused to offer a reasonable explanation as to the cause of death of the deceased.
In the same judgment, Lord Scarman added: “It is high time, I would think, that we re-arranged our law so that the ancient but misleading term “contempt of court  disappeared from the law's vocabulary.
College has 146 students in the first year and the management requested that it is in the interest of students that the college is not debarred.
As far as offence under IPC is concerned, the accused shall undergo sentence for a period of one year.
An application raising objection to the jurisdiction to the court is directed to be heard with all expedition.
That being so, if an employer points out that the financial arrangement made for the family subsequent to the death of the employee is adequate, the members of the family cannot insist that one of them ought to be provided a comparable appointment.
That being so, if an employer points out that the financial arrangement made for the family subsequent to the death of the employee is adequate, the members of the family cannot insist that one of them ought to be provided a comparable appointment.
An employer is liable to pay his contribution in respect of every employee and deduct employees contribution from wages bill and shall pay these contributions at the above specified rates to the Corporation within 21 days of the last day of the Calendar month in which the contributions fall due.
This limited scope of judicial review is permissible and interference is available only when punishment is shockingly disproportionate, suggesting lack of good faith.
The said documents have been filed with a note wherein it is stated that when the appellant/bailiff went to the said suit premises to execute the warrant, one Mr. Akshay Kumar (Manager of the complainant) was present in the premises and he voluntarily handed over the possession.
The only legal disadvantage if at all is that some of them might have crossed the upper age limit for appearing in the fresh recruitment process.
In our considered opinion, the answer clearly has to be in the negative in view of the well- settled legal position reflected in a catena of decisions of this Court that contempt of a civil nature can be held to have been made out only if there has been a wilful disobedience of the order and even though there may be disobedience, yet if the same does not reflect that it has been a conscious and wilful disobedience, a case for contempt cannot be held to have been made out.
The Division Bench modified the order passed by the Single Judge and declared that the entire examination need not be cancelled.
MMTC Ltd. (Supra), on the strength of the governing provisions in respect of arbitral proceedings which had not commenced before 1996 had came into force would be those of 1996 Act alone.
Improve the understanding of interaction between native ecosystem and production system and develop best practices to conserve biodiversity and sustainable use of resource.
When the celestial marriage of Meenakshi and Sundareshwarar is celebrated, drawing a huge crowd of people from all over the state.
If the receiving authority is the police officer of a particular police station, the relevant entry has to be made in the General diary and if the receiving authority is the higher police officer, the relevant entry to the said effect has to be made by a separate diary kept and provided therefor and then pursue further in accordance with the procedural law.
L.J. 1020, and (1979) 4 SCC 526, it was held that normally, it is expected that the investigating officer will take independent panch witnesses and if knowingly he has taken pliable witnesses as panch witnesses then the entire raid would become suspect and in such a case it would not be possible to hold that the evidence of police witnesses by themselves would be sufficient to base conviction.
It was therefore contended, that in the changed scenario, this Court ought to have, at its own, introduced measures to negate the accusations leveled against the prevailing system, of appointment of Judges to the higher judiciary.
It can be inferred that even prior to the enforcement of the , the government appointed a Kazi for Andrott Island, for a limited duration only, on the request of the inhabitants.
These seized articles have been produced and identified in the court by the witnesses as well.
Six Members shall form a Quorum and the concurrence of the majority shall be necessary for transaction of the business of the Authority except such business as the Authority may from time to time prescribe as routine.
The merit governs the grant of higher pay scale and that merit will be evaluated by a competent authority.
Some of these police stations may be located in sensitive areas prone to human rights violation.
NEW DELHI February 15, 2019 Try out our services: , and an ad-free experience.
The mere fact of his interest is sufficient to disqualify him unless he has made sufficient disclosure.
A confession by hope or promise of advantage, reward or immunity or by force or by fear induced by violence or threats of violence cannot constitute evidence against the maker of confession.
Such private properties must be belonging to the Ruler and must be in his use and enjoyment even earlier.
It must evince the rationalized judicial discretion and not an individual perception or a moral propensity.
It must evince the rationalized judicial discretion and not an individual perception or a moral propensity.
Provided that the period of thirty days shall, in the case of an appeal against the order referred to in section 9 of the Uttar Pradesh Imposition of Ceiling or Land Holdings (Amendment) Act, 1974, be computed from the date of such order or October 10, 1975, whichever is later.
Human ego, and desire to do better and excel over other competitors, leads to competitive bidding, each trying to outbid the others.
Human ego, and desire to do better and excel over other competitors, leads to competitive bidding, each trying to outbid the others.
Merely because a building has some deviations from the sanctioned plan, either at the initial stage or later on in the construction, does not necessarily mean that the construction is per se illegal unless the deviations are irremediable, in which event an occupancy certificate or completion certificate will not be granted.
Merely because a building has some deviations from the sanctioned plan, either at the initial stage or later on in the construction, does not necessarily mean that the construction is per se illegal unless the deviations are irremediable, in which event an occupancy certificate or completion certificate will not be granted.
Learned counsel contended that the reasoning given by the High Court in refusing to grant specific performance merely because the part of the consideration amount was paid by the plaintiff-appellant prior to the date of the execution of the agreement is wholly unjustified and not tenable.
When it is said that the Chief Justice or his designate may choose to decide whether the claim is a dead claim, it is implied that he will do so only when the claim is evidently and patently a long time-barred claim and there is no need for any detailed consideration of evidence.
In the result, the judgment of the High Court in the Second Appeal No.174 of 1989 dated 05.02.2007 is set aside and this appeal is allowed.
This may be in addition to any other action that may be taken for the said illegal acts of obstructing access to justice.
In suggesting the grant of full membership to the Railways, the amicus has made certain pertinent comments which are reproduced below : Services and Association of Indian Universities 15 The amicus has not suggested the grant of full membership to Services and the Association of Indian Universities.
It is to meet regularly to monitor the progress of the e - GP MMP.
This served to set the pattern for raising rebuttable presumptions.
This served to set the pattern for raising rebuttable presumptions.
The law prohibits certain acts and/or conduct and treats them as offences.
As aforesaid, HCI was not incorporated merely to run the canteen of Air India so as to keep the employees of the said canteen, managed through the medium of HCI, at arm’s length from Air India.
Ghorai, A24-Dhiren Shee and A34-Bhakti Bhushan pleaded defence of alibi.
In such cases, national seniority will not be protected.
Hon'ble Mr. Justice Adarsh Kumar Goel pronounced the judgment of the Bench comprising Hon'ble Mr. Justice J. Chelameswar and His Lordship.
The gist of the Scheme may be stated thus: The object of the Scheme is to provide for pensions to its employees.
As respondent no. 2 did not respond favourably an industrial dispute was raised by filing a statement of claim in the month of March, 2005 before the Conciliation Officer.
The bonds issued to institutional investors are listed on NSE while Bhavishya Nirman Bonds are listed on BSE.
Four issues were framed by the Tribunal on the basis of the pleadings and the case went for trial on behalf of the appellants.
A charge-sheet dated 28.05.2008 was submitted.
Friends, Gandhiji was an advocate of knowledge without barriers.
The strict observance of sustainable development will put us on a path that ensures development while protecting the environment, a path that works for all peoples and for all generations.
We are not inclined to go into the merits of the contention of either party as the same is to be raised and answered only at the time of trial.
As pointed out above, the entire quantity of zinc has indeed been used in the production of zinc and no part can be traced in the sulphuric acid.
Vide the present petition, the petitioner has also challenged the impugned show cause notices dated 19.09.2014, 17.11.2014, 24.04.2015 and 13.05.2015 issued by respondent no.1 to the petitioner.
As its preamble shows, the Act was enacted to promote transparency and accountability in the working of every public authority in order to strengthen the core constitutional values of a democratic republic.
It is in this sense torture, 35 (2015) 6 SCC 702 humiliation, forced labour, etc.
A just balance has to be struck between the restrictions imposed and the social control envisaged by clause (6) of (5) Prevailing social values as also social needs which are intended to be satisfied by restrictions have to be borne in mind.
It is accepted by the learned counsel for the respondents that they have never indulged in any kind of advertisement as contemplated under Section 22 of the Act and nor do they have any kind of intention to cause any violation of the said mandate.
Hence the conclusion of the Court is in the following terms: 19 The High Court has dealt with the merits of the challenge to the validity of the regulations.
The President said that non-resident Keralites have been important agents in Kerala's promotion of sustainable development and socio-economic transformation.
The two-Judge Bench accepted the Rules of ICC, Paris which is supernational body of Rules as has been noted by Cooke, J. and that is how it has accepted that the parties have not simply provided for the location of hearings to be in London.
Therefore, it is clear that as per the insurance contract, the respondent insurer was required to pay the insurance claim in accordance with the conversion rate of the invoiced foreign currency in Indian rupee as per the bank buying rate of interest at Mumbai on the date of subject shipment for which the invoice was issued.
That is the essence of pragmatic approach which must guide and inspire the legislature in dealing with complex economic issues.
That is the essence of pragmatic approach which must guide and inspire the legislature in dealing with complex economic issues.
It is submitted that there is absolutely no law which mandates that upon the change of government, the stance taken earlier cannot be changed, more so, when the earlier stance is clearly opposed to both law and public policy.
In this connection, it is stated that many arbitrations with Indian Judges and Lawyers as Arbitrators are held outside India, where both foreign and Indian Law Firms advise their clients.
Deduction in respect of professional income of authors of text books in Indian languages.
According to the learned counsel, therefore, the appellants were all along aware of this corrigendum.
It is unnecessary to consider the second question as regards the payment of retrenchment compensation and we will, therefore, express no opinion as to whether the Tribunals had jurisdiction to go into that question.
If it is based on a particular fact or the decision of the Court is guided by specific nature of the case, it will not amount to the ratio of the judgment.
Sub-section (4) was added to Section 26 by amendment in 1987 and reads as follows: - 'Where any business through which agricultural income is received is discontinued in any year, any sum received after the discontinuance shall be deemed to be the income of the recipient and charged to tax accordingly in the year of receipt, if such sum would have been included in the total income of the person who carried on the business had such sum been received before such discontinuance.
The appeal was rejected by an order dated 15/20.4.2017.
We do not intend to foreclose the rights of the parties one way or the other.
There is a clear intendment to provide for a locus poenitentiae which requires an active consideration by the creditor and a reasoned order as to why the debtor’s representation has not been accepted.
It also serves legitimate State aim, which can be discerned from the Introduction to the Act as well as the Statement of Objects and Reasons which reflect that the aim in passing the Act was to ensure that social benefit schemes reach the deserving community.
Even the respondent-husband was required to prove that such a customary divorce was permissible in their caste/community.
Even the respondent-husband was required to prove that such a customary divorce was permissible in their caste/community.
Be that as it may, in any view of the matter, the appellate forum though exercising a jurisdiction which otherwise may be co- ordinate with that of the lower forum, ought to confine its judicial audit within the layout of the adjudgment undertaken by the forum of lower tier.
Another view which disproves the prosecution story is that the witnesses deposed that they were attacked by glass tumblers, bottles, stones and wooden canes.
The submission made by learned counsel appearing for the National Forum was that as a result of what could be termed as a performance audit, the CAG provided some very useful suggestions.
It was opined that at the highest, it could be termed as a case of wrong diagnosis and certainly not one of medical negligence.
PART E relationships premised on care and reciprocity, lay challenge to the idea that relationships, and by extension society, must be divided along hierarchical sexual roles in order to function.
It was also made clear that no further extension would be granted and that Ericsson may revive the petition for contempt if payment is not so made.
It was also made clear that no further extension would be granted and that Ericsson may revive the petition for contempt if payment is not so made.
The ten themes of this programme identifying the immediate requirements of the society will lay down the research roadmap for institutes of national importance.
Established in 1979, the park has a rare collection of exotic rarely found species.
It is not for us now to answer the submission of learned counsel for the complainant that this is an eminently fit case for grant of such sanction.
River Ghats in several pilgrim destinations are being renovated.
Reliance Industries Limited appointed Justice B.P. Jeevan Reddy as Arbitrator and Mr. Christopher Lau SC was appointed as Chairman of the Tribunal.
The Reserve Bank raised the issue of resolution of negative networth banks, appointment of statutory auditors and their rotation in the audit of UCBs and unauthorised functioning of unlicensed banks.
According to the prosecution case on 3.4.2008 about 9-10 p.m., informant, Krushna Dudhraj Sharma, father of the deceased, lodged a report at the police station Wadi stating that he was staying in a tenanted house with his wife and two daughters, the kidnapped girl aged about 4 years and her sister aged about six months.
Such exercise of power, besides doing justice to the accused, would save precious court time, which would otherwise be wasted in holding such a trial (as well as proceedings arising therefrom) specially when it is clear that the same would not conclude in the conviction of the accused.
Such exercise of power, besides doing justice to the accused, would save precious court time, which would otherwise be wasted in holding such a trial (as well as proceedings arising therefrom) specially when it is clear that the same would not conclude in the conviction of the accused.
It was contended that Phool Patti and Phool Devi, the daughters of Bhagwana had the necessary locus standii to challenge the gift made by Bhagwana to Ram Singh.
The possibility to forcing bouquets over a-la-carte choice by using higher discounts can be further understood by following example, where a broadcaster has a total of 35 pay channels out of which only 5 are driver channels: The above table clearly indicates that in case the amount of discount offered by the broadcaster, over the sum of a-la-carte prices of pay channels, while forming the bouquet of those pay channels is very high (75%), the price of bouquet becomes much lower than the sum of a-la-carte prices to the extent that it is almost equal to a-la-carte price of one driver channel.
Such occasion would arise only if on examining the evidence as it stands the court comes to the conclusion that some inherent lacuna or defect becomes apparent to the Court.
The Commissioner noted that the meaning of dentifrices as per the Concise Oxford Dictionary is 'a paste or powder for cleaning of teeth'.
He went to the Crime Branc-CID, Crawford market.
Secure attendance of outsiders with relevant expertise, if it considers necessary.
Ashok Leyland and TAFE have set up expansion plants in Chennai. Fortune 500 companies such as Hyundai and Ford have established manufacturing facilities in the state.
In the instant case, hurt is caused.
The High Court should not have substituted its own discretion for that the authority.
Two notices were served by the appellant-Company on the respondent-Company.
We have a range of Products and Services that are Flexible as well as Specialised – to meet the unique needs of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises.
The Supreme Court Rules 1966 under Order XI, Rule 7 also require adherence to the provisions of Section 139 CPC.
These need to be implemented by all concerned including the Courts, particularly those dealing with issues of adoption.
Therefore, while providing that it would be the primary duty of the Panchayati Raj Judges, who would be presiding over the Gram Nyayalaya to give effective guidance to the two lay judges on questions.
We are satisfied that having regard to the totality of factual situation emerging from the record, damages required to be recovered are not, prima facie, less than Rs. 100 Crores.
A motion for an inquiry into the conduct of a judge should be made upon previous notice, allowing the accused to meet the charges by communicating his defence to other MPs.
During the year 2008 - 09, the Ministry took up a new initiative to demonstrate an Integrated Technology - package in entrepreneurial mode on medium size (200 - 1000 cum / day) biogas fertilizer plants (BGFP) for generation, purification / enrichment, bottling and piped distribution of biogas.
Rule VI mandates that upon receipt of the orders of the President, an acknowledgement shall be sent to the Secretary to the Government of India, Ministry of Home Affairs, immediately in the manner prescribed.
However, roses are central to the fame ofMughalGardensand a permanent feature throughout the year.
Be an ambassador to save nature.
We shall advert to the same a little later.
We shall advert to the same a little later.
Hence, the distinction sought to be drawn between the part-time and the permanent BWHG had obliterated and both worked together shoulder to shoulder under similar situations and circumstances and discharged same duties.
Hence, the distinction sought to be drawn between the part-time and the permanent BWHG had obliterated and both worked together shoulder to shoulder under similar situations and circumstances and discharged same duties.
Such view of the Court has been followed in a judgment in Hardevinder Singh.
The learned Attorney General refuted this submission in two ways.
The appellant (A-131) purchased the gunny bags in the fake name of non-existing person twice.
On the occasion of the birthday of Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore, I join fellow citizens in paying tribute to this great nationalist and thinker who was far ahead of his times.
In this appeal, however, we are confronted with the other major problem, namely, dowry deaths.
Per Contra, Mr. Mihir Joshi, the learned senior counsel appearing on behalf of the respondents contended that neither the Export Import policy nor the enacted by the Central Government impose any restrictions on sale/export of bauxite and hence, the appellant-State could not have introduced its own policy for restricting or regulating the sale/export of bauxite in conflict with policies and decisions of the Central Government.
Shri Rakesh Dwivedi, learned counsel appearing for the respondents has submitted that the Central Government being licensor, it is fully entitled to provide for any condition in its license, which condition becomes binding on the licensee.
Uniform Rating Scale for all empanelled rating agencies.
These attempts were directed at ensuring that the judiciary would be capable of effectively discharging its wide powers of judicial review.
These attempts were directed at ensuring that the judiciary would be capable of effectively discharging its wide powers of judicial review.
Referring to the boundaries, it is urged that had the Committee carried out the measurement as per the boundaries in the admitted map, the exact extent of land, which is the subject matter of the suit, could have been ascertained.
Therefore, the bar created by Section 195(1)(b) (ii) would not come into play and there is no embargo on the power of the court to take cognizance of the offence on the basis of the complaint filed by the respondents.
Therefore, it was only appropriate that this centre should be named after him.
After the death had occurred, an inquest was conducted under Section 174 Cr PC in the mortuary of the Government Medical College at Nagpur.
Even if where a remedy by way of an appeal has not been provided for against the order and judgment of a District Judge, the remedy available to the aggrieved person is to file a revision before the High Court under Section 115 of the Code of Civil Procedure.
Even if where a remedy by way of an appeal has not been provided for against the order and judgment of a District Judge, the remedy available to the aggrieved person is to file a revision before the High Court under Section 115 of the Code of Civil Procedure.
He submitted that the accused cannot be permitted to raise the point of admissibility of the CDRs at the appellate stage.
In order that the new undertaking can be said to be not formed out of the already existing business, there must be a new emergence of a physically separate industrial unit which may exist on its own as a viable unit.
Permission to import of gold of 18 carat and above under the replenishment scheme.
The company is required to apply to the state specific registering authority.
When the matter was taken up for consideration under Section (14)(1)(a) the court directed the tenant to pay the rent for the aforesaid period.
Further, to ensure the safety and security of its female employees the Company imposed a mandatory condition, upon the owner of the cab, that a security guard be present in the said vehicle, if a female employee was being transported.
Provided further that the comparison of actual cost and net realisable value of securities shall be made category-wise.
As will be evident from the pleadings in both the suits, the reliefs sought for in the two suits are dependent on the question as to whether by the resolutions adopted on 30th September, 2002, Hotel Queen Road had lost its private character and had been converted into a Public Company.
Keeping in view the aforesaid principles, we proceed to analyse the reasons ascribed by the High Court while recording the acquittal.
Furthermore, the Court would stress that besides Mr Meischberger, the painting showed a series of 33 persons, some of whom were very well known to the Austrian public, who were all presented in the way described above.
Therefore, he has prayed for dismissal of the appeals.
There can be a good case for promoting public - private partnership in the land / property matters.
The object of the prosecution is to punish the offender...  Explaining the underlying purpose and object of the state amendment, the Division Bench noted: 26 Our analysis of the amendments brought by MP Act 25 of 1983 to the 1927 leads to the conclusion that specific provisions have been made for the seizure and confiscation of forest produce and of tools, boats, vehicles and articles used in the commission of offences.
Instead of submitting his original caste certificate the respondent produced a fresh tribe certificate dated 21 July 2005 issued by S.D.O., Bhusawal wherein it was stated that he belongs to the Mahadeo Koli tribe.
The 24 hour rule: According to Hall, once a person is arrested, he comes within the ‘care’ and protection of the Court as he has to be produced in Court in 24 hours.
A short drive from Damdama Lake, atop the Aravalli hills lies Sohna, the picturesque health - cum - holiday resort.
However, the Survey noted that while Aadhaar is designed to solve the identification problem, it cannot solve the “targeting problem  on its own.
Details of conditions of eligibility, etc.
I expect the government will take the necessary steps to give more appointments in police and military services also...
This is an important amendment.
When the petitioner gave highest bid and became the successful auction purchaser, the auction purchase has to be treated on the basis of market value of the property.
In the instant case, after the search was conducted on 23rd February 2006, it was found that for the assessment year 1995-96, the respondent-assessee had not filed its return of income by the due date.
Thus from the above, it is evident that the CBI manual, being based on statutory provisions of the ., provides for guidelines which require strict compliance.
The said application for refund was rejected by an Order-in-Original dated 12.08.2002 by the Assistant Commissioner, Bhilwara on the ground that the Assessee was a job worker engaged in the processing of grey fabric and that the said fabric was returned to the owners of the fabric who sold the processed fabric in the market.
Aid and Advice 38 Collective responsibility under our Constitution is based on a “slightly modified version 66 of the British cabinet system.
Thereafter, a Maruti car was brought by PW9 Manender and the deceased was taken to the hospital where it is declared that Yatinder had succumbed to his injuries.
No deviation from this provision is permissible.
That Cell Operator shall take special precautions for fire safety, lightening etc.
A normal monsoon this year gives us reason to cheer, unlike the past two years when below normal rains created agrarian distress.
Recognizing this, higher education has received focused attention over the last few years.
But the whole question is this: whether we should introduce all these qualifications and disqualifications in the Constitution itself.
He also argued that crime is local and anything that is done outside the State cannot be subject matter of consideration for registration of an offence under MCOCA.
It also provides a framework to assess the performance against the standards and to measure improvement and achievements of these standards.
According to him, there was an abiding and affectionate relationship between the couple and that they had two sons Akhil and Nikhil.
The learned counsel for the appellant, Mr. C.B. Aggarwal, contends that the facts are not in dispute and it is further clear that no useful purpose would have been served if the Board had served a show cause notice on the petitioner.
The counsel for the respondent submitted that objector did not take this plea in the written statement filed before the Arbitrator.
The appellants are the defendants in a partition suit filed by the respondents, as plaintiffs, seeking partition of various properties specifically mentioned in Schedule 'B' and Schedule 'C' of the plaint.
It has been found in the Forensic Audit Report that there are several recoverable from various companies as well as from individuals, Directors and other incumbents.
The course of proceeding of Parliament of the United Kingdom, of the Constituent Assembly of India, of Parliament and of the legislatures established under any laws for the time being in force in a Province or in the States; matters of public history, literature, science or art, the Court may resort for its aid to appropriate books or documents of reference.
These are the questions which have been raised for consideration in this group of appeals.
The same have been obtained by the Cantonment Authorities under mistaken impression of facts/ law or by suppression of facts and law.
After the President approves the transfer, a notification is issued in the Official Gazette.
Thus, the plaintiff was given the right to recover possession based on adverse possession as Tatya has acquired ownership by adverse possession.
Israel has advanced technologies and proven capabilities in these key sectors.
No.DL-5C-3107 which were disposed of on 01.09.1995 and 13.06.1997, respectively.
One of the two experts who had rated the first petitioner as A+, rated the second petitioner and the Fourth respondent as A.
The Memorandum was drawn up by the Law Minister and did not confer any power upon the judiciary.
However, having opined that the purport of the impugned Rule 106(Tha), is to permit impost on the final processed product being foreign liquor “IMFL , before bottling as fit for human consumption, the State has jurisdiction to legislate on that subject and need bear no quid pro quo to the services rendered to the licencee of manufacturer of foreign liquor (IMFL).
After trial he was convicted.
What counts is the effect of the visible image on the observer.
In view thereof, we do not see any justification to other dues.
By contrast, it will be a permitted distinction if the different treatment of different persons derives from their being for the purpose of the treatment, in a state of relevant inequality, just as it will be discrimination if it derives from their being in a state of inequality that is not relevant to the purpose of the treatment’ (FH 10/69 Boronovski v. Chief Rabbis [16], at p. 35).
Owing to the later confessional statement of co-accused Sanjay, the accused appellants were arrested and subsequently on the basis of the disclosure statements of the accused appellants and corroboration by Shanti Devi (PW 7), wrist-watch and the briefcase were recovered.
The Ministry appears to have argued that it was not possible to foresee the circumstances in which the freedom of trade, commerce or intercourse with a State will need to be interfered with by that State in the public interest, unless it be on the basis of discrimination between the residents of one State to another, and this would be wholly contrary to the spirit of the Constitution.
Before taking a decision to recall / accelerate payment or performance under the agreement or seeking additional securities, SIDBI would give notice to borrowers, as specified in the loan agreement or a reasonable period if no such condition exists in the loan agreement.
However, the Government may, after giving two months' notification in the Official Gazette, make the Act applicable to any factory or establishment employing less than twenty but not less than ten persons.
Click Here to know the contact details of your nearest MSME - DI.
The omissions which amount to contradictions in material particulars, i.e. which materially affect the trial, or the core of the case of the prosecution, render the testimony of the witness as liable to be discredited.
Cash flow management means maintaining regular and increasing amount of cash inflows at right time so that it can be easily available to make cash outlays as and when needed.
Khurram took the name of Shah Jahan, i.e. the Emperor of the World.
The respondent was, therefore, served with the notice to show cause as to why he should not be dismissed from service.
The contractor in response to the aforesaid letter of the Executive Engineer accepted only the condition regarding security deposit and the stamp duty and no other condition.
Even though the same may not be binding, insofar as the present controversy is concerned, yet if an order is passed keeping in mind the parameters laid down in the CPC, it would be sufficient to conclude that the rules of natural justice were fully complied with.
The Petitioner contends that its application could not be rejected in view of the order dated 11th November 2009 passed by this Court.
He further submitted that at the relevant time, 4 charge sheets were issued to the respondent and enquiries were completed and notices to show cause had already been served upon the respondent.
The work of the Red Cross in risk reduction, capacity building, humanitarian logistics, development work, disaster and crisis management has been invaluable in providing relief and succor across the world.
From the person of Manoj they removed a silver chain and a wrist watch.
It is a mere matter of accounts which can be looked into and found out even by the arbitrator.
The Respondent No. 1 is satisfied with the judgment and order passed by the learned School Tribunal, Nagpur and he will not challenge the same in future.
Most developed nations of the world have proficient healthcare systems to take care of the medical needs of its population.
He was an indoor patient in the hospital for 4 days and had spent huge amounts towards medicine, treatment, food, conveyance and other charges.
In the ultimate analysis, the High Court did not find any merit with regard to refusal by the Bank in not accepting the application for withdrawal submitted by the employee.
The right guaranteed by this Article shall not be suspended except as otherwise provided for by this Constitution.
The requesting entity shall comply with all relevant laws, rules and regulations, including, but not limited to, the , 2000 and the , 1872, for the storage of logs.
In contrast, the findings of the High Court are decipherably strained in favour of the prosecution by overlooking many irreconcilable inconsistencies, anomalies and omissions rendering the prosecution case unworthy of credit.
Alvin Toffler in his illuminating article titled ‘What will our future be like?’ has presented mind boggling ideas.
Only NMS is allowed, not NMG.
In the petition to the police also it is her statement she has stated so but it was found not recorded.
It must be pointed out here that if the parties do contemplate the possibility of an intervening circumstance which might affect the performance of the contract, but expressly stipulate that the contract would stand despite such circumstance, there can be no case of frustration because the basis of the contract being to demand performance despite the happening of a particular event, it cannot disappear when that event happens.
The question must be viewed in the larger context of business necessity or expediency.
It is a very very important one.
The 4th defendant is having knowledge of the sale deed and the boundaries mentioned therein.
But cases may arise where the judge is not prepared to act on the other evidence as it stands even though, if believed, it would be sufficient to sustain a conviction.
But cases may arise where the judge is not prepared to act on the other evidence as it stands even though, if believed, it would be sufficient to sustain a conviction.
The respondents are, therefore, right in arguing that the second tranche should be allocated on a standalone basis.
Ahmedabad; Amritsar; Bangalore; Baroda (Vadodara); Bhopal; Kolkata; Chandigarh; Chennai; Coimbatore; Cuttack; Ernakulam; Guwahati; Hyderabad; Jaipur; Kanpur; Ludhiana; Madurai; Moradabad; Mumbai; New Delhi; Panaji; Panipat; Patna; Pondicherry; Pune; Rajkot; Shillong; Srinagar (Functioning at Jammu); Surat; Thiruvananthapuram; Varanasi; and Vishakhapatnam.
While the case of the prosecution is that Krishnappa was stabbed with a knife, what has been seized was a baku or dagger which is stated to have been used to stab him, which was marked as MO 5; and (viii) CW 29, who was one of the eye-witnesses, had not been examined.
Such an authorised person, under the Act, means authorised dealer, money changer, off - shore banking unit or any other person for the time being authorised by Reserve Bank.
PB by her is the carbon copy prepared by her in the same process.
On the basis of the above dying declaration a case was registered and the investigation agency swung into action.
As stated above, the decision in Clyde Engineering Company’s case (supra), lays down that inconsistency is also created when one statute takes away rights conferred by the other.
Nothing in sub-clause (a) of clause (1) shall affect the power conferred by law on any officer of the Armed Forces of the Union to suspend, remit or commute a sentence passed by a Court martial.
Nothing in sub-clause (a) of clause (1) shall affect the power conferred by law on any officer of the Armed Forces of the Union to suspend, remit or commute a sentence passed by a Court martial.
He was declared hostile.
We are of opinion that before a fact can be considered to be relevant under S.11 of the Act it must be shown that it is admissible.
The truth of the second conception, cannot be disputed, in view of the overwhelming supporting evidence on the record of the case.
Besides, the seizure of the goods was not corroborated by any independent witness in the present case.
Those who instigate violence and perpetuate hatred need to understand one truth.
This decision is important for two reasons.
One of the functions it was entrusted was that it was duty bound to carry out generation, transmission and distribution of electrical energy both hydro electrical and thermal.
Jassi then started living with her husband in the house of PW 20 Sukhdev Singh, maternal uncle of her husband, in village Narike.
Jassi then started living with her husband in the house of PW 20 Sukhdev Singh, maternal uncle of her husband, in village Narike.
Therefore, Mr. Acharya submitted, this income has been duly considered and the High Court could not have taken a sum of Rs.1.57 lakhs under this head.
It is also the case of respondent No.4 that mining is being done by controlled blasting and not by Wagon Blasting Method.
The argument that kidnapping or abduction for ransom was effectively covered under the existing provisions of the must, therefore, fail.
Leading universities of the world have applied this technology model to provide quality education to larger number of education seekers.
Cognizance of offences.-No court shall take cognizance of an offence punishable under this Act except upon a complaint in writing made by Appropriate Government or Appropriate Commission or any of their officer authorised by them or a Chief Electrical Inspector or an Electrical Inspector or licensee or the generating company, as the case may be, for this purpose.
In view of the above findings, this Court holds that the Petitioner has made out valid and sufficient grounds to set-aside the impugned award and hence, the award is liable to be set aside.
There should, however, be adequate delegation of powers to the Lt. Governor in respect of specified categories of services or posts.
There is nothing vital in his cross examination which could be said to demolish his examination-in-chief.
With regard to the issue whether the appellant is entitled to continue with the Scheme; in view of the findings given above, we are clearly of the view that Susme is not entitled to continue with the rehabilitation Scheme on account of the fact that it has been responsible for the delay in completion of the project for an inordinately long time.
Moreover, he had not been appointed by Karnataka in consultation with the Chief Justice of the High Court to represent the prosecution in the appeals pending in the High Court.
It was submitted that in such circumstances this Court has taken consistent view to the effect that benefit of judgment in the other case should not be extended even if the persons in the two sets of cases were similarly situated.
It was submitted that in such circumstances this Court has taken consistent view to the effect that benefit of judgment in the other case should not be extended even if the persons in the two sets of cases were similarly situated.
It does not prescribe any separate procedure for determination of civil liability.
A sum of Rs.15,000/- was awarded towards love and affection and Rs.5,000/- towards funeral expenses and thus a total compensation of Rs.23,24,000/- was arrived at by the Tribunal.
A sum of Rs.15,000/- was awarded towards love and affection and Rs.5,000/- towards funeral expenses and thus a total compensation of Rs.23,24,000/- was arrived at by the Tribunal.
The web based initiative has been taken up to popularize the Governments Food Policy towards Below Poverty Line (BPL) beneficiaries.
We are, therefore, of the view that, at best, the Division Bench of the High Court should have directed that wages equal to the salary that is being paid to regular employees be paid to these daily wage employees with effect from the date of its judgment.
Thus, the nature of Hamdard was settled that it is not Wakf as is defined in the ,1995 and that the property, movable and immovable, belonging to it would be deemed to be vested in its governing body.
This programme shows how different types of Libraries function and what services they provide to the society.
They embodied the highest values of our nationhood- valor and bravery, spirit of sacrifice, the desire to uproot injustice of all kind, and to build a nation where the mind was to be without fear and the head held high.
A majority of these are cultivated by women who are dalits and are at the lowest rung of the socio - economic ladder in their communities.
Common good and public interest have, thus, suffered heavily.
Consequently, it must be held that the Tribunal had committed a patent error of law in directing reinstatement of the respondent-workmen with all consequential benefits.
I am shocked to note that as many as 4 crore people of our country plunge into poverty each year due to expenses on medical treatment.
It further stated in its order that the appellant was preparing to murder some senior police officers while taking advantage of his position.
The state interest “must be legitimate and relevant  for the legislation to be non-arbitrary and must be proportionate towards achieving the state interest.
This Court recognized that principles of reasonableness and rationality are legally as well as philosophically essential elements of equality and non-arbitrariness as projected by , whether it be authority of law or exercise of executive power without the making of a law.
Shri Justice PR Bora immediately rushed to the Meditrina Hospital within half an hour.
These payments were advanced towards acquisition of rights in the film 'Fanne Khan' as 3 / 12 sat nmcd 1502-2018.doc well as the film 'Batti Gul Meter Chalu' and a sum of Rs.1.35 crores towards acquisition of the rights of 'Rani (Sapana Didi)'.
The High Court has even rejected the challenge to the impugned amendment on the ground that the ban amounts to an unreasonable restriction, on the fundamental right of the bar owners and bar dancers, of freedom of speech and expression guaranteed under The submission was rejected by applying the doctrine of pith and substance.
Stop sign on road surface. “(1) When any line is painted on or inlaid into the surface of any road at the approach to the road junction or to a pedestrian crossing or otherwise, no driver shall drive a motor vehicle so that any part thereof projects beyond that line at any time when a signal to stop is being given by a Police Officer or by means of a traffic control light or by the display of any traffic sign.
However, some of the appeals arise against the earlier Division Bench judgment dated 25-11- 2008 whereby the High Court had upheld the same Notifications and rejected the challenge to the acquisition of land.
The High Court took note of provisions of and (iv) and discussed the same.
Upon such further reference, the dispute shall be decided by the Law Secretary or the Special Secretary/ Additional Secretary when so authorised by the Law Secretary, whose decision shall bind the parties finally and conclusively.
He was closely acquainted with the other co-accused and Yakoob Khan (AA), his uncle, had come alongwith other co-accused Tiger Memon and Nisar to his father in the second week of February, 1993, and requested him to allow them to keep some goods for few months in the godown at Thane.
Utsav was initially issued the TAC on 08.07.2002 by ARAI and received the first conformity of the production on 07.08.2003 and the same were subsequently renewed.
While making such selection the. management shall also give very careful consideration and shall select the best qualified and most competent person among those available for selection/ appointment to the post.
This interpretation is also in line with the object sought to be achieved, namely, that other corporate debtors who are declared as NPAs, whose debts may never be cleared in full, are required to be cleared as a condition precedent to submission of a resolution plan under the Code.
Since land revenue falls under List II of the Seventh Schedule (Entry 45), the State legislature is the competent legislature for repeal of this Act.
In terms of conditions of loan the respondent was making deposits of the loan instalments of loan to the Bank.
In Chapter VI of the Consultation Paper, a very detailed comparative law analysis was made, referring to the statutes and judgments from the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Canada, The United States of America and the European Court of Human Rights and to the judgments and Rules of the International Criminal Tribunal for former Yugoslavia (ICTY) and also the Rules of the similar Tribunal for Rwanda.
Still she wants me to work till late.
PRASAD, J. The petitioner Gambhirsinh R. Dekare, at the relevant point of time was serving as Taluka Mamlatdar and an Executive Magistrate in Vadodara Taluka in the State of Gujarat.
CCPR/C/78/D/829/1 998 (2003), at para 10.6. 54 surrendered or returned by a foreign State on the request of the Central Government and the laws of that foreign State do not provide for a death penalty for such an offence, such fugitive criminal shall be liable for punishment of imprisonment for life only for that offence.  B.
The definition would specifically include within the scope of that expression tax on--- (i) transfer for consideration of controlled commodities; (ii) the transfer of property in goods involved in the execution of a works contract; (iii) delivery of goods on hire-purchase or any system of payment by instalments; (iv) transfer of the right to use any goods for any purpose for cash, deferred payment or other valuable consideration; (v) the supply of goods by an unincorporated association or body of persons to a member thereof for cash, deferred payment or other valuable consideration; (vi) the supply, by way of or as part of any service, of food or any drink for cash, deferred payment or other valuable consideration.
The respondents have submitted that this language contained in Section 63(1) of the NDMC Act has come up for interpretation before this Court in number cases and interpreted in the same manner in which the High Court has dealt with the issue.
With the utilization of technology to the fullest extent, administrative efficiency will improve considerably, which in turn will have a positive impact on the lives of children.
P.8 Postal acknowledgements.
The treated cotton is transferred to washing tanks where it is washed thoroughly.
The treated cotton is transferred to washing tanks where it is washed thoroughly.
Once these comments are sent and the State Government gives its opinion which is considered by NCTE and examined in conjunction with the report of the experts, it may grant or refuse recognition.
But the changing reality with changing times demands innovative methods.
The doctrine of binding precedents has been settled by several pronouncements of this Court.
The provisions of the constitute such a law, but the provision must be strictly construed.
Under that proviso, the circumstances are given under which the PA is empowered to withdraw the approval earlier granted.
On 19 February 1986, the respondent submitted an application seeking to withdraw his earlier request for premature retirement.
Learned counsel for the appellants submitted that appellants were admitted by the College in accordance with procedure prescribed and directions issued by the ASC.
Hence the same cannot be relied upon to confirm the death of the animal.
Before examining the appellants’ challenge to the scheme, we may notice order dated 16.09.2009 passed by the Division Bench of the High Court.
Thus, the accused persons have committed offences punishable u/s 3 & 4 of TADA (P) 1987 in addition to Sections mentioned in the FIR.
In these changed circumstances, the operational creditor served another demand notice dated January 06, 2017, in the statutory format prescribed under the Code, upon the corporate debtor calling up it to pay the outstanding dues.
He also reiterated that thereafter 65 labels were prepared and signatures of panch witnesses were obtained upon each of the said labels.
Subject to these two features, any amendment could have been made and if these two features are compromised, the basic identity of the Constitution can be held to have been altered or damaged.
The activities were divided into ship agency, shipping management, ship owning and operating, travel and tourism, clearing and forwarding, overseas recruitment and property owning and development.
It is, therefore, necessary to reconcile between the need to retain the responsibility of the Administrator to the Centre in this regard and the need for enforce the collective responsibility of the Council of Ministers to the Legislature.
However, as observed by this Court in the aforesaid decisions, that cannot be the sole determinative factor/circumstance to hold the transaction as benami in nature.
However, as observed by this Court in the aforesaid decisions, that cannot be the sole determinative factor/circumstance to hold the transaction as benami in nature.
Still the Government is obliged under the APPROVED POLICY to grant a quota to such PTOs.
What, however, has to be kept in view is that the Tribunal should be a real substitute of the High Court - not only in form and de jure but in content and de facto.
It provides a strategic base for foreign and domestic investors to tap the vast potential of contiguous markets of Myanmar, Malaysia, Thailand, Philippines, Cambodia, Indonesia, etc.
To overcome this interregnum and vacuum, the (s) uniformly contain provisions which create a legal fiction to the extent that the reorganisation of the State would not affect the applicability of laws to all the territories included within it before and even after the reorganisation.
Like in certain State capitals and metropolitan cities, it is granted to only those units which are located in the designated industrial areas / estates.
As already mentioned that they were assisted by lawyers also in the main case when remand etc. was sought.
Thereafter, the writ petitions were filed to quash the initial notification and the notification was illegally quashed by the High Court.
The circular dated 23.03.2017 at best is only an executive instruction issued on 23.03.2017 by the Ministry of Communications, Department of Telecommunications.
The museum also has a ‘Talking Wall’ and a ‘Planet Wall’ intended to inform and encourage students on the path to discovery.
The High Court, however, has not referred to the concept of vicarious liability but the findings of the High Court seem to indicate that this was the central idea in the mind of the High Court for convicting the appellant.
The High Court, however, has not referred to the concept of vicarious liability but the findings of the High Court seem to indicate that this was the central idea in the mind of the High Court for convicting the appellant.
Since at the time of passing the aforesaid order the further investigation conducted by the S.S.I., Shri Badan Singh was before the Chief Judicial Magistrate and also no other ground has been taken in the Revision, hence there is no ground to interfere in the disputed order.
In some cases relaxation of age limit for entry into Government service may have to be done and this will be attended to by the Employing Departments/Undertakings as a matter of course.
That the submission of such letter ipso facto renders the bid of the appellants unresponsive, to be treated as withdrawn and EMD forfeited.
However, this has to be very rare and in exceptional cases.
Therefore, the view of the State is that since the petitioner could face imprisonment that could extend to 10 years, the date for applying for ‘default bail’ would commence on the expiry of 90 days.
We will work together to re - establish the credibility of the institutions of democracy.
They paid Rs.1,000/- each to the said accused, Harishchandra Surve (PW-108), and Vijay Govind More (PW-137), the other employees at the Wangni Tower.
The respondents, on the other hand, have attempted to shake the very foundation of the aforesaid structure of the petitioners’ case.
This scheme of Chapter VII makes very strict provisions in respect of enforcement of the Act which includes data protection as well.
It is this order which gave rise to second round of litigation in the High Court and now in this appeal.
The entitlement of the left behind spouse has, therefore, to be jurally investigated.
We have already referred to the suggestions made by learned amicus curiae; now let us consider the response of Union of India, States and some of the Union Territories.
As such, relying on , it was submitted, that only the Union Government (the Government of India) could exercise executive power in matters pertaining to the subject “Railways .
Therefore, the installation of a lift in a building cannot be regarded as a transfer of a chattel or goods but a composite contract.
Therefore, the installation of a lift in a building cannot be regarded as a transfer of a chattel or goods but a composite contract.
No specific over act has been attributed to them.
According to illegal erection of a building is an offence, punishable with a fine which may extend to fifty thousand rupees.
Coming to parity, it is pointed out that some persons arrayed as accused have been granted either regular bail or anticipatory bail.
It was submitted, that the authority exercised by the Governor under a statutory provision, may or may not be required to be performed, on any aid and advice.
According to them there is nothing on record to show that the death of the deceased was homicidal or he was even abducted by the appellants, what to talk of causing death of deceased Madhusudhan.
In our opinion, the High Court has erred in dismissing the appeal.
It is due to their efforts that this Institute stands out as a beacon of hope and succour for the thousands who throng its corridors seeking relief from their maladies and sufferings.
On none of these two dates any complaint was made that either the accused was beaten or tortured or that his confession was obtained by exercise of any threat or coercion.
The amount due from a buyer, together with the amount of interest calculated in accordance with the provisions of and , shall be recoverable by the supplier from the buyer by way of a suit or other proceeding under any law for the time being in force.
Wake up to the smell of freshly brewed coffee with wildlife surrounding you.
On a reading of the order dated 18-7-2002 of the Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate it would show that the sole witness examined before the court, PW 1, Mr Akhilesh Kumar, had deposed before the court that on 2-12- 2000 at 4.00 p.m. children were quarrelling and at that time the appellant, Shailendra and Ajay Kumar amongst other neighbours had reached there and someone from the crowd hurled abuses and in the scuffle Akhilesh Kumar got injured when he fell and his head hit a brick platform and that he was not beaten by the accused persons by any sharp weapon.
This therapy is also used to stop bleeding.
Where the prosecution attempts to misdirect the trial on the basis of a perfunctory or designedly defective investigation, there the court is to be deeply cautious and ensure that despite such an attempt, the determinative process is not subverted.
Where the prosecution attempts to misdirect the trial on the basis of a perfunctory or designedly defective investigation, there the court is to be deeply cautious and ensure that despite such an attempt, the determinative process is not subverted.
Police Station, District.
In other words, the activity has to be undertaken in public interest, exposing illegal activities of a public organization or authority.
In other words, the activity has to be undertaken in public interest, exposing illegal activities of a public organization or authority.
It is this submission, which learned counsel elaborated by pointing out various provisions of the two Acts and the exhibits and findings of the two courts below.
In the light of foregoing discussion, we are of the considered opinion that the case of the appellant satisfies the test laid down in the case of Amjad Khan (supra) and also satisfied the test laid down in Clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (viii) of Darshan Singh (supra).
Advances in dental research are making dentistry a technology - driven discipline.
Advances in dental research are making dentistry a technology - driven discipline.
As I look about me at this vibrant city, and learn about its infrastructure and capacities, I see an ultra - modern, yet environmentally friendly city.
As I look about me at this vibrant city, and learn about its infrastructure and capacities, I see an ultra - modern, yet environmentally friendly city.
There is also no indication whether the quota of vacancies for Supervisors was adhered to as on the date on which they were given notional retrospective seniority.
There is also no indication whether the quota of vacancies for Supervisors was adhered to as on the date on which they were given notional retrospective seniority.
This Court has the power to prevent an experiment.
Service Sector of India has been one of the biggest sources of employment generation.
Green leafy vegetables, when properly cleaned and cooked, are safe even for infants.
I once again congratulate the awardees and convey my appreciation to them for their efforts and achievements.
We would like to point out at this stage that on what terms the parties had settled the matter is not on record as compromise deed has not been filed.
We would like to point out at this stage that on what terms the parties had settled the matter is not on record as compromise deed has not been filed.
The impugned judgment does not suffer from any infirmity warranting interference and this appeal is liable to be dismissed.
If this were not so, then an owner of a house who leaves an unlicensed gun in that house but is not present when it was recovered by the police can plead that he was not in possession of it even though he had himself consciously kept it there when he went out.
Unfortunately, despite referring to judicial notice and the said claim-table in its final judgment, the National Commission has rejected the entire claim on the sole ground that since the additional claim was not pleaded earlier, none of the claims made by the claimant can be considered.
Unfortunately, despite referring to judicial notice and the said claim-table in its final judgment, the National Commission has rejected the entire claim on the sole ground that since the additional claim was not pleaded earlier, none of the claims made by the claimant can be considered.
I am accompanied today by the Honourable Union Minister of Social Justice and Empowerment, Shri Thaawar Chand Gehlot and a delegation of Members of the Lower House of the Indian Parliament including H’ble Prof. K. V. Thomas of the Indian National Congress, Mrs. Meenakshi Lekhi, Prof. Dr. Subhash Bhamre, Shri Prathap Simha and Shri Vinod Chavda of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party and Prof. Dr. Anupam Hazra of the Trinamool Congress.
HC Kunju and PW-4 Home Guard Chander Pal, in order to find out the cause of the same, entered the Bar-be-Que from its back.
Various studies indicate that many bar girls felt ‘greater security in the bars due to the support network among the dancers as well as the protection provided by the owners’.
Justice Khanna was clearly right in holding that the recognition of the right to life and personal liberty under the Constitution does not denude the existence of that right, apart from it nor can there be a fatuous assumption that in adopting the Constitution the people of India surrendered the most precious aspect of the human persona, namely, life, liberty and freedom to the state on whose mercy these rights would depend.
In 1812, the Court of Directors of the East India Company ordered that the ryotwari system should be introduced in all the provinces where the settlement had not yet been finalised.
A complete analysis of the definition in all its facets may not be necessary for our purpose.
The plaintiff, a local authority brought an action for damages for libel against the defendants in respect of two articles published in Sunday Times questioning the propriety of investments made for its superannuation fund.
The employer shall take into consideration the Government orders/instructions/rules, applicable to the employee, at the time of taking the decision.
The deceased used to complain that her husband was not allowing her to stay in the matrimonial home unless some payments were made and the complainant(PW.1) had been paying her money and used to sent her back to the matrimonial house by meeting the demands of the appellant.
The deceased used to complain that her husband was not allowing her to stay in the matrimonial home unless some payments were made and the complainant(PW.1) had been paying her money and used to sent her back to the matrimonial house by meeting the demands of the appellant.
If there was any doubt whatever over the entitlement of the producers to have the film exhibited, it was laid to rest when the producers immediately informed him of the film being CBFC certified.
If there was any doubt whatever over the entitlement of the producers to have the film exhibited, it was laid to rest when the producers immediately informed him of the film being CBFC certified.
It was submitted that in absence of obligation to approve the offer within reasonable time, the promoters could take steps to siphon the funds or dispose of the assets which could prejudice the interests of the acquirer.
On 10.02.2012, it issued a consultation paper on Draft Guidelines for Unified License/Class License and migration of existing licenses.
He said India places high value on people-to-people contacts and look forward to closer bilateral and regional cooperation.
This court is not at all convinced to grant any relief to the present Petitioner for the following three reasons.
According to him, in the present case, the Medical Board has clearly opined that the invalidating disease‘left partial motor seizure with secondary generalisation' is not related to military service.
The learned senior counsel further contends that the testimony also clearly shows that both the PWs had full knowledge of the purpose for which they were making the preliminary preparations, i.e., for the abduction of the deceased and keeping him in the premises of the vermicelli factory.
Such a system would also enable the lawyers, law students and anyone interested in the workings of the highest court in the country to supplement their learning with practical study of cases of national importance, while ensuring that litigants have a true account of how decisions were made in their respective case.
Such a system would also enable the lawyers, law students and anyone interested in the workings of the highest court in the country to supplement their learning with practical study of cases of national importance, while ensuring that litigants have a true account of how decisions were made in their respective case.
We have already referred to the Law Commission of India and the Ministry of Law & Justice, Government of India our suggestion that suitable amendments should be made in the Code of Criminal Procedure for making several offences which are presently treated as non-compoundable under Section 320 CrPC as compoundable.
Initially order was passed on 04.09.2003 by consent of the parties with regard to SIT to be headed by Mr. S.S. Puri, retired Director General of Police.
Before they could get the feeling of a safe journey (though not a time-consuming journey), a feeling of lonely suffocation and a sense of danger barged in, for the accused persons did not allow anyone else to board and the bus moved and the lights inside the bus were put off.
The distinct feature in the case on hand was that on the date of occurrence i.e. on 04.04.1996 at 00.15 AM, the police party headed by P.W.6, accosted a tractor trolley coming from the side of village Ugrahan, which was stopped by him and that when the driver after stopping the tractor tried to escape was apprehended by the police team.
This corner is exclusively designed for students', which not only provide online NCERT books (External website that opens in a new window) and syllabus right from the primary education to the level higher secondary education but also previous years’ question papers along with sample question papers of CBSE.
R. C. Sharma & Co., to conduct the special investigative audit and submit its report.
In such circumstances, if the declaration is not filed, the owner could not be held responsible for the non-declaration.
It is built on the principles of non-exclusion, easy access to Public Distribution System shops and adequate availability of food gain at an affordable price.
It is built on the principles of non-exclusion, easy access to Public Distribution System shops and adequate availability of food gain at an affordable price.
So far as the other issues are concerned, brother Lalit, J. has dealt with them succinctly.
The village elders then summoned the accused-appellant Karthick.
Mr. Dwivedi, learned Senior Counsel appearing for the State of Orissa, in his submissions contended that the contract as between the Petitioner and its Purchaser, going by its terms, is always one for sale of its branded LIFTS, which having regard to the nature of the product has to be necessarily erected at the site, that 90% of payment is to be made on the signing of the contract, that the LIFTS would be handed over to the Purchaser on its erection and that the contract provides for the payment of balance 10% on fulfillment of certain other conditions.
As the respondents failed to pay, the appellant, not being in good health, executed a power of attorney dated 03/03/2004 authorising her husband Sudhir Gulvady to file and prosecute the complaint against the respondents.
As the respondents failed to pay, the appellant, not being in good health, executed a power of attorney dated 03/03/2004 authorising her husband Sudhir Gulvady to file and prosecute the complaint against the respondents.
As far as the posts of Air Marshals open to the Air Vice-Marshals in the said stream were concerned, their right or eligibility to be considered for promotion still remained and hence, there was no change in their conditions of service.
As noted above, Nariman, J. has led the path by observing that “when it comes to restrictions on this right, the drill of various Articles to which the right relates must be scrupulously followed .
Communication & Presentation Skills.
THORAX Burnt as mentioned above.
The proposed Section 114B of the Indian Evidence Act shall read as under. 43 Section 114 B: Presumption as to acid attack-If a person has thrown acid on, or administered acid to, another person the court shall presume that such an act has been done with the intention of causing, or with the knowledge that such an act is likely to cause such hurt or injury as is mentioned in Section 326 A of the Indian Penal Code.
Concentrate also means a product of concentration i.e. enriched ore after removal of waste in a beneficiation mill.
Concentrate also means a product of concentration i.e. enriched ore after removal of waste in a beneficiation mill.
In quantifying the volume of 205 TMC of water to be released by the State of Karnataka from its reservoirs for Tamil Nadu's Mettur reservoir, the Tribunal construed the average of the annual flow of waters of the river Cauvery into the reservoir of Mettur Dam in Tamil Nadu as the reasonable basis.
The Tribunal has found that no evidence regarding the income of the deceased (Satish) was produced by the claimants.
All works to be executed by the Gram Panchayats shall be identified and placed before the Gram Sabha, and such works which are to be executed by the intermediate Panchayats or other implementing agencies shall be placed before the intermediate or District Panchayats, along with the expected outcomes.
We also direct the college to admit her and to allow the facility of a room or a shared room in the hostel as per practice to enable her to continue her internship/housemanship afresh.
Availability and use of minerals in any country has been one of the factors determining self-sufficiency of its economy.
It is only when the approach of the trial Court in acquitting an accused is found to be clearly erroneous in its consideration of evidence on record and in deducing conclusions therefrom that the appellate Court can interfere with the order of acquittal .
Whether the applicant are entitled to get the claim amount or any other justified amount, and if yes which applicant is entitled to how much compensation and from which non-applicant.
Ans : Standing Committees are permanent Committees whose members are either elected by the House or nominated by the Chairman every year or from time to time.
Ans : Standing Committees are permanent Committees whose members are either elected by the House or nominated by the Chairman every year or from time to time.
A fortiori, the respondent (lessor) was rightly held entitled to file an application against the appellant (lessee) under (1) (a) of the and seek the appellant's eviction from the suit house after determining the tenancy in question.
We have heard Shri Arvind P. Datar, learned senior counsel appearing for the appellant and Shri Guru Krishna Kumar, learned senior counsel for the Revenue.
Therefore, there was a possibility of such transaction being wrapped up and disappearing into oblivion without even surfacing again for the purpose of levy of tax otherwise legally due.
IndianOil 's vision is driven by a group of dynamic leaders who have made it a name to reckon with.
This situation itself may indicate fraud or some collusion.
As already stated above, because of the insufficiency or the unsatisfactory nature of the facts or circumstances shown by the prosecution, the burden of proving his innocence has not shifted to the Appellant, in the present case.
As already stated above, because of the insufficiency or the unsatisfactory nature of the facts or circumstances shown by the prosecution, the burden of proving his innocence has not shifted to the Appellant, in the present case.
Similarly, for the same reasons because of which A-89 cannot be said to be guilty for offence of conspiracy.
Specific reliance was placed upon paragraph No.21 of the said judgment wherein, this Court considered the arguments made against a selection, which was upheld by a Division Bench of the High Court.
Thus finally the present report is submitted to Ministry of Law & Justice, Government of India, for its consideration.
My government is guided by the Antyodaya philosophy of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyaya.
On 22nd November, 1997, the deceased Sushila Bai wife of PW 4 Ram Charan along with her husband was returning from Village Ragho Garh to their home in village Kudhaidher.
The amended clause of the notification state only covers 2 days before the festival declared as a holiday by the Central/State Government and 2 days thereafter.
Ensure that the Memorandum and Articles are dated after the date of stamping.
The Pension Scheme, as stated above, only provides for a second retiral benefit.
In this regard, the Court noted that: “58...What is protected under Articles 25(1) and 26(b) respectively are the religious practices and the right to manage affairs in matters of religion.
According to the Preamble to the Draft Pet Shop Rules, 2010, as available on the website of MoEF (a slightly different version of which is also available on the website of AWBI! *4): “[Ljive animals are often showcased, exhibited and traded like commodities in pet shops or other shops selling animals alwe.
Research is essential for the development of medical interventions necessary to maintain good health by the people.
As a special procedure for resumption of land is prescribed under the lease deed, the High Court was not correct in holding that the State Government cannot dispossess the appellants but can take possession according to the procedure adopted by any other law.
They are a harassed lot and are constantly victimized by the officials of the local authorities, the police, etc., who regularly target them for extra income and treat them with extreme contempt.
They are a harassed lot and are constantly victimized by the officials of the local authorities, the police, etc., who regularly target them for extra income and treat them with extreme contempt.
In this context, what I have noticed in the case of K. Mohandas (supra) that the Court has referred to the Scheme to understand the true meaning of several clauses; formulation of the contractual scheme where reference has been made to Pension Regulations 1995 of the Banks which were in appeal before this Court and the special salient features of the scheme which stipulated that an employee whose application for voluntary retirement is accepted and relieved from the Bank shall be eligible for contributory provident fund or own contribution of provident fund and pension in terms of the employees Pension Regulations 1995, in case of those who have opted for pension and have put in 20 completed years of service in the Bank.
Commercial  would generally involve transactions having profit as their main aim.
Malai, however, did not remember about the presence of Suresh.
Prior to the amendment of 1928, there was an appeal against an order refusing to set aside a sale (for that is the effect also where the application to set aside the sale is dismissed for default) under the provisions of O. 43, R. (1), Civil PC.
GTC - A Good Till Cancelled (GTC) order is an order that remains in the system until the expiry of the respective contract in which it is entered or until when the same is cancelled by the member.
There is no claim of refund of any money by Defendant Nos.1 to 3 to the Plaintiff beyond what is urged by the Plaintiff in its plaint, and which is noted above.
He remembered his services to the nation as a freedom fighter, Chief Minister of Punjab, Home Minister of the Union of India and President of India. He also recalled his role as a Parliamentarian.
We are of the view, that since the notice by the SRA to Susme did not make any specific allegation with regard to Susme not having 70% consent, that portion of the order of the SRA, setting aside the right to develop the land on the ground of lack of 70% consent, may have been beyond the scope of the notice.
Bombay High Court in had taken the view that the provision cannot be made applicable to all daughters born even prior to the amendment, when the Legislature itself specified the posterior date from which the Act would come into force.
Sympathy, sentiments and personal feelings should not come in the way of assessment.
Since the jurisdiction to make selection as per law is vested in the Selection Committee and as the Selection Committee members have got expertise in the matter, it is not open for the Courts generally to interfere in such matters except in cases where the process of assessment is vitiated either on the ground of bias, mala fides or arbitrariness.
The learned counsel appearing for appellant Harnam Singh has drawn our attention to the FIR - Column No.11, Inquest Report – Case No.10/98 and contended that the FIR contains the Inquest No.10/98 whereas the number of FIR has not been mentioned in the Inquest Report.
In other words, the average suicide rate in prisons is over 50% more than in normal conditions.
The facts of the present case as well as that of M.S. Dewan’s case are almost same.
Such an interpretation is supported by the manner in which the word ‘discrimination’ has been interpreted by a three Judge bench of this Court in Video Electronics.
We have directed our attention to this matter in the context of the mounting arrears of tax cases before the courts.
Usually, the medical practitioner treats the patient in accordance with his clinical judgment of what is in the patient‘s best interests.
Another aspect which cannot be ignored relates to conflict of interest.
According to the arbitrator, there is correspondence that abundant quantity of food grains was available but no adequate arrangements were made to supply the food grains to the contractor.
Block boundaries of 21 districts, village boundaries of three districts and ward maps of Guwahati have also been digitized.
Once the acquisition proceedings lapse, all impediments cease to exist.
Hence, we reject this submission.
Hence, we reject this submission.
Hence, we reject this submission.
In addition, to direct human consumption barley is utilized by the beer industry, food processing industry and feed manufacturing industry in India.
It is open to the Magistrate but not obligatory upon him to direct investigation by police.
The suit was, thus, dismissed as time barred.
In this case it may not be necessary to seek far.
In the facts and circumstances of the case, in my view, criminal test has been fully satisfied against the accused and I do not find any mitigating factor favouring the accused.
In the facts and circumstances of the case, in my view, criminal test has been fully satisfied against the accused and I do not find any mitigating factor favouring the accused.
We observe that it is clear from the use of the words 'may take cognizance' in the context in which they occur, that the same cannot be equated with 'must take cognizance'.
Many other similar situations can be contemplated where it would be absurd and unreasonable to apply Section 52 Sub-section (2) according to its strict literal construction.
The High Court has exceeded in its jurisdiction while exercising the powers under Section 100 of the CPC.
Justice Wadhwa on the other hand took the view that the effect of the first ordinance was of an enduring nature and held that what the first ordinance ordained was accomplished and its effect was irreversible.
Dealing with the issues on the 1886 lease agreement, the Court posed the question – whether it is an existing contract under the 1935 Act.
Learned counsel for the appellants submits that in case, on the basis of the same evidence, 15 accused persons had been acquitted, the appellants could not have been convicted.
However, we can also visualize the plight of the petitioner as it prima facie appears that when the orders were passed by this Court on 14th February, 2001 and 3rd November, 2003, the petitioner was neither a party nor was he heard.
According to learned counsel, a ground of fraud which stands made out in this case squarely falls under Section 34 of the AAC Act and, therefore, the Award in question deserves to be set aside.
We sincerely hope that every State will strive towards the same.
Isolation and frail health exposes them to assaults and other such criminal acts.
In cases of international commercial arbitrations held out of India provisions of Part 5 (2002) 4 SCC 105 I would apply unless the parties by agreement, express or implied, exclude all or any of its provisions.
This is because an individual who has not suffered an injustice is not entitled to a judicial remedy.
The conviction and sentence passed by the Additional Sessions Judge was challenged by the accused in the appeals referred to supra before the High Court of Patna.
The conviction and sentence passed by the Additional Sessions Judge was challenged by the accused in the appeals referred to supra before the High Court of Patna.
India today seeks to accelerate her economic growth and development through a strong emphasis on technology and innovation.
It is, however, not in dispute that this judgement of the Allahabad High Court has become final.
However, few other material witnesses, including father and sister of the prosecutrix, have yet to be examined.
In Common Cause v Union of India,14 the test for the constitution of a SIT was a prima facie abuse of power and authority by the Director of the Central Bureau of Investigation to scuttle an investigation and enquiries into coal block allocations.
On the same day, he will attend a felicitation function organized by the Nayaprajanma and Suri Sabujer Abhijan at Suri, Birbhum.
His terror can further be visualised when he would have heard the threatening calls to his father and seen the preparations to do away with him, which included the taping of his mouth and the administration of an overdose of dangerous drugs.
A developing country like India needs innovative solutions to issues in renewable energy, climate change, drinking water, sanitation and urbanization.
A developing country like India needs innovative solutions to issues in renewable energy, climate change, drinking water, sanitation and urbanization.
Concerned with formulation of new policies as well as supervising the functioning and operations (except relating to derivatives) of securities exchanges, their subsidiaries, and market institutions such as Clearing and settlement organizations and Depositories.
Preferential right of certain persons.
The author has chosen not to assail the order passed by the High Court.
Thus a permanent licence-holder having an effective/valid licence to drive a tractor can drive even when the tractor is used for carrying goods.
The said provisions require that an application for re-determination is to be filed within 3 months from the date of the award of the court.
As has been pointed out earlier in this judgment, the entirety of the duplicate CDs is sold only to the distributor who is the copyright holder.
The circular, therefore, can be given effect only if the reserved category candidate qualifying on merit with general candidates consents to being considered as a general candidate on merit-cum-choice basis for allotment of college/institution and subject.
Therefore, in our Province an Act was passed which goes much further than this particular Bill which is now under discussion before this House.
If the Minister accepts the recommendation, the proposal is forwarded to the Prime Miniter of India who, if he approves, advises the President to issue a formal warrant of appointment under his own signature.
The chain was described as “one white metal chain with 30 links, middle link is broken and tied with a string.
Clause (b) of stipulates that the State Government may appoint any one of the Judges to be the Principal Judge and any two other Judges to be called the Additional Principal Judges.
Online books have opened up a new universe for the bibliophile.
Since the issue raised in the writ petitions before the Bombay High Court had the same subject matter, those petitions were transferred to this Court, to be heard along with the petitions under Mr Dave, learned senior counsel appearing on behalf of the Bombay Lawyers’ Association agreed to this course of action.
On 31st November, 2015 at 13.30 hrs. while police party along with the accused were returning to Chennai, opposite to Central Polytechnic the detenu informed that he wanted to attend to nature's call.
The appeal is partly allowed in the above terms by modifying the judgment of the High Court, by reducing the sentence to 10 years in total, the remainder of which he must serve.
In so far as Vidya Devi is concerned, her conviction was upheld by the High Court and she preferred a Special Leave Petition in this Court.
In the result, this appeal is allowed and consequently the judgment and decree passed by the Additional District Judge dismissing the suit of the plaintiff as time barred are set aside.
He has used a Marker with four wheels and a Rotary Weeder.
As far as the Chief Justice of India is concerned, the collegium system broad- based his/her role in the appointment of judges of the High Courts and the Supreme Court and (in one sense) diluted his/her role in the appointment process by taking it out of the individualized or personalized role of the Chief Justice of India as thought of by Dr. Ambedkar.
In fact, in a way, it is there.
It is inconceivable that the appellant would carry out such a sinister operation within a short span, quietly without drawing attention of people sitting outside.
It is inconceivable that the appellant would carry out such a sinister operation within a short span, quietly without drawing attention of people sitting outside.
In the current year our objective is to distribute around 4000 crore of Nepali rupees under ‘One Rank One Pension’ and 7th Central Pay Commission commitments.
As per the fourth description, the acts would amount to rape when the woman has given her consent but the same was given by her under the belief that she is or believes herself to be lawfully married to the man committing the acts stated in the former part of the Section.
It is submitted that due to this mistaken identification by PW8, no reliance can be placed on PW8’s evidence of identification of the accused.
Undoubtedly, the respondent had participated in the landing at Shekhadi when the contraband were smuggled into India.
In case water level goes below 1 metre, farmers are advised to go for early harvest and discontinue culture activity or maintain minimum water level to harvest full yield.
Only the first condition was fulfilled.
The learned Judge observed that removal of the tube would not constitute the actus reus of murder since such an act by itself would not cause death.
The place of arbitration shall be the headquarters of the Concessioning Authority in India.
The provisions of PMP Act do specify the principles and the manner in which the compensation is to be determined.
Justice Bhagwati on his retirement 26 years ago chose to start a new innings as a champion of human rights in international fora.
In other words, it was held that it only provides a remedy which is speedier than the remedy of a suit under the general law.
The 2nd respondent filed Writ Petition No.4165/1988 in the High Court of Karnataka at Bangalore with the prayer for a direction to the Tribunal to conduct enquiry under Section 48-A of the Karnataka Land Reforms Act, 1974 (hereinafter referred to as the “Land Reforms Act ) and to grant him occupancy rights.
A Deemed to be University is not confined to a state or region like university created by state legislatures and it can open Off- Centres/Campus Centres in any part of India with the approval of UGC.
It is, therefore, not possible to treat this letter as a suicide note.
It is, therefore, not possible to treat this letter as a suicide note.
The argument, though attractive at the first blush, deserves to be stated to be rejected.
Inspector of Police, State of Andhra Pradesh & Anr.[4], in which I was one of the companion Judges, wherein this Court, after referring to the aforesaid two Judge Bench judgments on the question of necessity of demand of bribe money by the accused, has reiterated the view stated supra.
Fatality is frequently associated with some concomitant brain injury.
The name of the Appellant is to be recorded in the Jamabandis as the owner of the suit property.
In other words the courts can determine what is an integral part of religion and what is not.
Bel Patra and flowers shall be used on the upper part of shivling to avoid any obstruction in natural breathing of stone.
The appellate court should not pass an order so as to patch up the weakness of the evidence of the unsuccessful party before the trial court, but it will be different if the court itself requires the evidence to do justice between the parties.
Kindly convey my heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased.
It cannot hold a detailed quasi-judicial inquiry with a right to its alumni to plead and lead evidence etc., before the results are withheld or the examinations cancelled.
All the injuries were penetrative type.
Once we hold that the references made to the Labour Court by the State were without jurisdiction, it is not necessary to examine the merits of the case.
That apart no promotion had been made after the 7th November, 2001, the date when the judgment of this Court in Jagannadha Rao’s case (supra) was pronounced.
Learned Counsel further argued that Bhim Singh, husband of the deceased has two brothers.
The appellant was also enrolled by the Bar Council as an advocate and was issued a certificate in that behalf, in furtherance of which he represented the Board when necessary.
However, the court may, in the interest of justice, seek assistance of a legal expert as amicus curiae, (h) simplify the rules of evidence and procedure so as to enable a Family Court to deal effectively with a dispute; (i) provide for only one right of appeal which shall lie to the High Court.
The Registrar may amend the register or a certificate of registration for the purpose of correcting a clerical error or an obvious mistake.
In the present case, there is no admissible evidence to prove service of notice on the respondent or refusal of notice by the respondent.
The provinces of Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Prince Edward Island, Newfoundland and Labrador and Northwest Territories have a provision for both proxy and instructional directives, whereas, the States of British Columbia, Ontario, Quebec and Yukon provide only for appointment of a proxy while simultaneously recognizing the binding nature of previously given instructions.
In a number of cases emanating from rural areas and reaching the courts, the dispute centres round a road or passage to the house or field and to be used by men, cart and cattle.
The upshot of the aforesaid discussion is that the distribution licensee is entitled to challenge a decision of the Redressal Forum.
A lower rate of disposal may not necessarily reflect upon the efficiency with which a judge has conducted the court.
However police did not start any case and as such the de-facto complainant filed a petition of complaint under section 156(3) of the Code of Criminal Procedure when the learned Magistrate was pleased to send the same for investigation to the local police station treating the same as F.I.R.
The appellant shall handover the Demand Draft of Rs.160 crores to Mr. R.C. Mishra, Deputy Official Liquidator, who is present in the Court, today itself.
Never keep sharp objects, pebbles in the vicinity of the birds.
Section 21, it is to be noted, does not confine the right of entry to the outer portion of the premises; it does not even exclude the inner sanctuary the Holy of Holies' as it is said, the sanctity of which is `zealously preserved.
It was argued that, unless both Congress and the State legislatures concurrently enact laws, laws under Section 2 of the Eighteenth Amendment could not be made.
In one panchayat itself, according to PW-22-KV Muhammed around 5,000 copies were distributed near Areakode bus stand.
He never aspired to be a member of legislature or to be a minister, though he made several Forward Bloc leaders as MLAs, MPs and Ministers from Bengal for many years.
Corruption by public servants has now reached a monstrous dimension in India.
Law Minister H.R. Bhardwaj told Hindustan Times that the House Committee’s recommendation had been accepted, and an action-taken report prepared by the Ministry would now be placed before Parliament. “Collegium system has failed.
A copy transcribed from a copy, but afterwards compared with the original, is secondary evidence; but he copy not so compared is not secondary evidence of the original, although the copy from which it was transcribed was compared with the original.
The next submission advanced by learned counsel for the applicants was to the effect that all the orders passed by this Court were mining centric and did not relate to construction activity in Kant Enclave.
And beware that it is not a new scheme, it is only a revision of existing scheme.
A pool of resources having expertise in the area of Project management, Change Management, Technology Management and Finance Management are being selected and deployed through wet leasing arrangement.
To ignore the infinite variety which underlies our constitutional culture is to risk its cohesion.
The reason is that the estate and the interest of the deceased devolved on the legal representatives is sufficiently represented by those who are already on record.
The reason is that the estate and the interest of the deceased devolved on the legal representatives is sufficiently represented by those who are already on record.
The renewal(s) under could be granted only if the State Government expressed its satisfaction, that the grant of the second or subsequent renewal, would be in the interest of mineral development.
That the Court is not empowered to stretch the limitation period beyond the requisite period given under Section 34 of the Arbitration Act.
Sometimes it may also be the result of losing faith in one’s own religion because of the rigidity of its tenets and practices.
Investment of money deposited in respect of lands belonging to persons incompetent to alienate.
Dissatisfied with the above order, the appellant preferred Special Appeal No.128 of 2011 which, as noticed earlier, has been dismissed by the Division Bench of the High Court.
Thus, it is clear that the ocular evidence of the prosecutrix finds full corroboration from medical evidence as well as from the corroborative evidence of Shyara Bi (P.W. 4) and Kallu (P.W.5) to whom the incident was narrated immediately.
Subsequent Legislation  by virtue of the restrictive proviso.
Such provisions have necessarily to be incorporated in legislations relating to reorganisation of States.
Such provisions have necessarily to be incorporated in legislations relating to reorganisation of States.
Grounds of revision of the Insurance Act, 1938 and the IRDA Act, 1999 The Consultation Paper identified thirteen tentative grounds of revision.
The Hindu Marriage Act, 1955 too prescribes that neither party has a spouse living at the time of marriage as a condition for Hindu marriage.
To show that the calls were received from the aforesaid phone which belongs to the respondent, the prosecution had produced Call Data Record (CDR) of NOFRA land line numbers.
Today, the embalmed body lies in an airtight glass coffin positioned in a silver casket crafted by a 17th century Florentine sculptor, Giovanni Batista Foggini.
Thus, even when the impugned Act appears to be regulatory in nature, the real consequences and effect is to prohibit such dance bars.
Thus, even when the impugned Act appears to be regulatory in nature, the real consequences and effect is to prohibit such dance bars.
Making emphasis as above, this Court held that it is in the realm of the legislature to enact a suitable law to provide adequate safeguards regarding euthanasia .
It was further clearly laid down that comments on Members of both the Houses of the Parliament can also be made by which comments, it is the public which is the gainer.
It was further clearly laid down that comments on Members of both the Houses of the Parliament can also be made by which comments, it is the public which is the gainer.
A part of this work was subcontracted to eFunds India directly by Logica Global.
A vital dimension of development is enhancing the soft power of the people; the ability to usher in change with positive attitude.
They will come to know from these books the great importance, the village have had in India since the remotest times.
The above position was maintained in the Sankalchand Himatlal Sheth case5 in 1977 by a five-Judge Bench, wherein it was held, that in all conceivable cases, advice tendered by the Chief Justice of India (in the course of his “consultation ), should principally be accepted by the Government of India, and that, if the Government departed from the counsel given by the Chief Justice of India, the Courts would have an opportunity to examine, if any other extraneous circumstances had entered into the verdict of the executive.
The burden of proof would be higher with respect to a public waqf, such as the suit waqf in the instant case, than a family trust.
The burden of proof would be higher with respect to a public waqf, such as the suit waqf in the instant case, than a family trust.
After three decades, a similar view were expressed by the Law Commission in its 128' Report on Cost of Litigation (1988) (para 3.6).
As we have dismissed the appeal, the appellants shall surrender to custody forthwith and it will be the duty of the trial Judge to see that they are taken into custody.
I take this opportunity to convey my best wishes for Your Excellency’s good health and well-being, and for the continued progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Ukraine.
Enhancing water use efficiency in agriculture can hardly be over-emphasized.
They had arranged for a dumper from the Sarpanch of the village Anand Dighe.
They had arranged for a dumper from the Sarpanch of the village Anand Dighe.
Hence, the learned senior counsel has requested this Court not to interfere with the same in exercise of its jurisdiction.
We are, therefore, unable to assess the effectiveness of the State’s action in the matter.
Upon such hearing the Court, if satisfied that no prima facie case for transfer has been made out, shall dismiss the petition and if upon such hearing the Court is satisfied that a prima facie case for granting the petition is made out, it shall direct that notice be issued to the parties in the case concerned to show cause why the case be not transferred.
Chandigarh (External website that opens in a new window) The agriculture department conducts extension and farmers training study tours.
On the contrary DoP&T sent requisition to the UPSC to send six names so that the remaining vacancies are also filled up.
According to us, should not be interpreted in a technical manner.
These earthworms can be cultured or used in composting applying simple procedures either in pits, crates, tanks, concrete rings or any containers.
Based on the statements made by Madan Lal Kapoor (the respondent-complainant) and his son Rajiv Kapoor, the Metropolitan Magistrate, Delhi, vide order dated 24.8.1995, summoned the accused.
The first Lok Sabha from 1952-57 had 677 sittings in which 319 bills were passed.
He further emphasized that the State Commission in deciding a lis, between the respondent and the appellant, discharged judicial functions and exercised judicial power of the State.
He further emphasized that the State Commission in deciding a lis, between the respondent and the appellant, discharged judicial functions and exercised judicial power of the State.
The Government of India, in recognition of the long - felt need for efficiency in government processes and service delivery mechanisms, has included e - Office as a core mission mode project (MMP) under the National eGovernance Plan (NeGP).
The submission of Mr. Luthra, learned senior counsel, is that the present case amounts to devastation of social trust and completely destroys the collective balance and invites the indignation of the society.
It was observed that 'of', 'from' and ''after' really meant the same thing and that no distinction could be suggested from the nature of the two provisions.
The prosecution has to rule out the Page 16 possibility of a natural or accidental death so as to bring it within the purview of “death occurring otherwise than in normal circumstances .
Before we close, we record our deep appreciation for the valuable assistance rendered by various learned counsel appearing in this batch of Civil Appeals which has immensely benefited us in coming to correct conclusion on various issues involved in these cases.
Alternatively, such a right may be left open by the Collector to be adjudicated upon in any independent legal proceedings.
Besides such direct investment, listed Indian Companies can invest upto 25% of the net worth in overseas companies, listed on a recognized stock exchange, that have at least 10% share in an Indian company listed on a recognized stock exchange in India as on 1st January of the year of investment or by way of rated debt securities issued by the same companies.
The learned counsel also referred to the injuries suffered by the complainant which are described in the report as a result of the medical examination carried out on the person of the complainant immediately after the incident.
Question as to perversity of the findings recorded by the Tribunal on facts was neither raised nor referred to the High Court for its opinion.
Accordingly, they revised their request for allocation of Gare Palma IV/7 or any one of the three blocks in Gare Palma, i.e., IV/7, IV/6 and IV/8 in order of preference.
It was also stated that although land was acquired for industrial development but the same had now been allotted to the builders by the Authority which clearly indicates that neither there was any appropriate plan and scheme for industrial development nor there was any urgency in the matter and the whole proceeding amounted to colourable exercise of power.
The appellant applied for the grant of mining lease also for iron manganese ore over 420 acres in Kalaparbat Hill range of Keonjhar district.
First and foremost, whether the service providers make profits or losses cannot be said to be relevant for determining whether the Impugned Regulation is otherwise arbitrary or unreasonable.
Pursuant to the order of the Revisional Authority dated 27th September, 2007 passed in the case of Kudremukh Company, the State Government issued a notice to Geomin Minerals & Marketing (P) Ltd. under Rule 12(1) of the MC Rules giving them opportunity of being heard.
By the time the occurrence was completed, there was darkness.
If exemption is available on complying with certain conditions, the conditions have to be complied with.
Traditions of consultative decision-making have been prevalent in our country since the ancient times.
The duration of the mortgagee's interest determines his position as the lessor.
It will have to be stated that the said order passed in an IA cannot be taken as a final statement of law when the legal principle has been succinctly set out with reference to the application of rule of reservation in so many words in the decision of the Constitution Bench of this Court.
It will have to be stated that the said order passed in an IA cannot be taken as a final statement of law when the legal principle has been succinctly set out with reference to the application of rule of reservation in so many words in the decision of the Constitution Bench of this Court.
The patient was suffering from metastatic breast cancer for ten long years and the said cancer was spreading to other parts of the body.
Sentence on offender already sentenced for another offence - (1) when an person already undergoing sentence of imprisonment is sentenced on a subsequent conviction to imprisonment or imprisonment for life, such imprisonment or imprisonment for life shall commence at the expiration of the imprisonment to which he has been previously sentenced unless the Court directs that the subsequent sentence shall run concurrently with such previous sentence.
Though the gift deed mentions that she was entitled to get her name mutated in respect of the premises, yet it was not done.
It is unfortunate that matters which could be established only in offence regarding compliance with and have been pre-judged by the learned single Judge at the stage of consideration for bail.
Bachan Singh case has been followed by a series of judgments of this Court delineating and setting out as to the kind of matters that would fall within this category.
Bachan Singh case has been followed by a series of judgments of this Court delineating and setting out as to the kind of matters that would fall within this category.
Since the Respondent comes under second category, he was dealt with as per procedure laid down in section VIII of CRPF Medical Manual.
Absence of any response on the part of the respondent, only indicates that the respondent was aware of the change of nature of work.
Enforcement raids are carried out and prosecution cases filed in the court of law wherever legally tenable.
Paste the pieces on the inner side of the four top flaps. Leave the box to dry.
Freedom of speech has no meaning if there is no freedom after speech.
This is also shown on account of the conduct of the plaintiff as noted above.
It was averred that the appellant has been and continues to remain in possession of the suit land and since the respondents are threatening the appellant to dispossess him from the suit land, hence he was constrained to file the civil suit seeking permanent injunction against the respondents restraining them from interfering in appellant’s peaceful possession over the suit land.
It was submitted, that in ordinary circumstances of wrongful gain, principles of law can be invoked to legitimately require the beneficiary to surrender the fruits of his gains.
According to this line of interpretation, in the appeal under the tenant may demonstrate that the order of provisional assessment was erroneous and as a consequence thereof, the order of eviction must fail.
The next day, at about 10.30 A.M., the appellant telephonically informed Dasu Krishnaiah (PW.1) that Balamani had committed suicide.
Since the High Court formulated wrong issue for determination, namely, right of consideration for promotion (which was not the real issue) and, therefore, committed an obvious error in answering that issue with the aid of the aforesaid judgment, though this issue did not at all occur in the given scenario.
I once again thank you for presenting me the Medal of Honour of this great city and wish you every success in your endeavours for the citizens of Helsinki.
One (1993) 4 SCC 234 of the ways of such expression may be to abstain from voting, which is not an ideal option for a conscientious and responsible citizen.
They also provide direct and indirect employment to large number of people in the country, and thus tries to supplement the poverty alleviation programmes, especially in rural sector.
But where the public functionary exercises his discretion capriciously, or for considerations which are malafide, the public functionary himself must shoulder the burden of compensation held as payable.
It needs no emphasis to say that all actions of a Judge must be judicious in character.
I hereby declare that I execute this Instrument on behalf of this State and that any reference in this Instrument to me or to the Ruler of the State is to be construed as including a reference to my heirs and successors.
I have described the third head as “procedural impropriety  rather than failure to observe basic rules of natural justice or failure to act with procedural fairness towards the person who will be affected by the decision.
In that, this Court passed a peremptory order not only for approving the proposed amendments, as noted in the order dated 4 th December, 2017, but also directed the Administrator to conduct elections in consonance thereto within a period of four weeks, after incorporating the amendments within one week from the date of the order.
It is clear that after the completion of the judicial process, if the convict files a mercy petition to the Governor/President, it is incumbent on the authorities to dispose of the same expeditiously.
The witness also identified the appellant (A-16) in the Court.
On the other hand, the second part refers to cases where the defendant has satisfied the plaintiff about the claim.
In the dim light of a night bulb and further from their voices, he identified the persons who had come near his house armed with lethal weapons as appellant-accused persons and nine other villagers besides 10-11 unknown persons.
In the dim light of a night bulb and further from their voices, he identified the persons who had come near his house armed with lethal weapons as appellant-accused persons and nine other villagers besides 10-11 unknown persons.
Secondly, on a proper perusal of the plaint, it ought to have been palpably evident that the Plaintiff/Tenant in O.S.5/78 feared dispossession from the demised premises because of what they considered to be an illegal transfer; but since all the Defendants had averred in their Written Statement that they had no intention of doing so, the suit ought not to have been dismissed but ought to have been decreed without more ado solely so far as the prayer of injunction was concerned.
India’s tryst with accounting, in fact, dates back to the ancient past.
The composition of the benches under the , was similar to that postulated under the 1922 Act.
This serves a dual purpose.
This distinction is described as regulation.
Even otherwise, the petitioner was asked to continue in service till the decision is taken on his application.
He can identify other two accused.
An appeal by certificate would then be maintainable as a matter of right in view of which uses the expression 'an appeal shall lie to the Supreme Court'.
When the question is whether the commission of suicide by a woman had been abetted by her husband or any relative of her husband and it is shown that she had committed suicide within a period of seven years from the date of her marriage and that her husband or such relative of her husband had subjected her to cruelty, the Court may presume, having regard to all the other circumstances of the case, that such suicide had been abetted by her husband or by such relative of her husband.
The source of home light is kerosene, the price of which varies from Rs. 30 / ltr. - 40 / ltr, and the light intensity is only 10 lumen. One Solar Lantern is given to the each household.
On 25th June, 2011 at 09.50 hours and 15.06 hours, again, there were two calls from the said mobile No. 9564784782 to mobile No. 9619796549 of Cdr.
We are in agreement with the learned senior counsel for the Appellant that the legal principle to the effect that no person can be prejudiced because of an act of a Court is apposite and relevant in the present case.
Ordinance, 1989 suffer from any illegality or constitutional impropriety.
Whereas, gladioluses, aster, zinnia, Stacie, lilies, gerberas and carnations are grown among the non - traditional flowers.
By letter dated 03.09.2002, the Official Liquidator had declined to accede to the request so made.
She was not the applicant.
M.C. Gulecha, who conducted the post-mortem examination on the body of deceased-Roop Singh opined that the cause of death was septicaemia which was due to the wounds sustained by him prior to his death.
The second plank of the argument of Mr. Nariman in this regard is that even assuming that the decision of the Constitution Bench is not treated as binding for the purpose of expiration of the term of the Agreement, the clauses in the Agreement explicitly show that the 1924 Agreement comes to an end after the expiry of 50 years.
She added that deeming fictions put in explanations are not something unknown to the law, and cited judgments to buttress her contention.
It is accepted by most of the experts in the law relating to international arbitration that in almost all the national laws, arbitrations are anchored to the seat/place/situs of arbitration.
It is accepted by most of the experts in the law relating to international arbitration that in almost all the national laws, arbitrations are anchored to the seat/place/situs of arbitration.
The civil suit and the present appeal are nothing but another attempt at obtaining possession of the shop on the mezzanine floor – through an indirect and calculated method.
The object behind , it is contended, is to make such part of the agreement which pertains to the user of the work by the public enforceable in law.
Inter se seniority in a particular service has to be determined as per the service rules.
Parliament has enacted detailed provisions in order to compute the profits or gains under that head.
For attaining all 8 MDGs by achieving the Education for All goals is critical is critical—in part due to the direct impact of education on child and reproductive health, as well as the fact that EFA has created a body of experience in multi - partner collaboration toward the 2015 targets.
The Trial Court found that the evidence given by the above named witnesses was reliable atleast with regard to the manner of disappearance of Gadadharanandji from Vadtal Temple.
In addition, State Governments are looking for avenues to borrow off - budget (eg. through corporations) to avoid exceeding their borrowing power limits.
It is these Managing Committees who not only recruit teaching and other staff and appoint them, but all other decisions in respect of their service conditions are also taken by the Managing Committees.
It is these Managing Committees who not only recruit teaching and other staff and appoint them, but all other decisions in respect of their service conditions are also taken by the Managing Committees.
The expression used in is mandatory and therefore if any contravention of the provisions of or Rules or Orders found in respect of a mining lease originally granted or subsequently renewed such mining lease should be treated to be void and inoperative for operating the said mining lease.
According to him, this Court, in fact, read down the plain language of to make it applicable only as a presumptive rule of evidence.
In contrast, the 2003 Model used an ‘open- ended asset-based’ definition of investment, enumerating the categories of assets that may be regarded as investments.
The second reason I am particularly happy to be addressing you on the topic of world peace is because this hallowed centre of studies nurturedDag Hammarskjöld,a great Swede andthesecond Secretary-General of the United Nations.
Maimunnisha alias Kumman, 170/- (Rupees One hundred seventy only) by cash on account of rent / licence fee / licence money in respect of / as earnest money for KacchaKhander house of Evacuee Sirai in Village Sgramau, Teh.
At the outset, it is required to be noted that by the impugned Judgment and Order, in a Second Appeal and in exercise of the powers under Section 100 of the CPC, the High Court has set aside the findings of facts recorded by both the Courts below.
I am delighted to be here in Abidjan, Pearl of West Africa, on the very first State Visit by a President of India to this beautiful country.
The over representation in KPTCL and PWD has been projected by the petitioners with reference to the total number of posts which have been filled.
The over representation in KPTCL and PWD has been projected by the petitioners with reference to the total number of posts which have been filled.
You are further directed to submit Action Taken Report in this regard immediately.
In my considered view the statutory mandate for selection on the basis of cumulative grade required the authorities to add the marks of both the examinations, prepare the merit list as per total marks for the cumulative grade and make the selection from such merit list.
Hence, the said change of circumstance is taken care of in the previous order, coupled with Clause 3 itself, entitling the petitioner to incorporate such enhancements in its current bills.
But that is neither here nor there.
He would, therefore, not be affected by the determination of the present controversy, one way or the other.
The National Commission for Minority Educational Institutions 2004 has been set up by an Act of Parliament under which minority education institutions can seek affiliation to Scheduled Universities.
There was a further allegation that even when the wife had tried to contact the husband, he had not responded.
Insofar as documents No.29 to 54 are concerned, the High Court held that as the originals of those documents are missing, the complaint discloses ingredients of the offence of theft.
It is only a means to the end of serving my people’.
Hence, the original plaintiff has preferred the present appeal.
Hence, the original plaintiff has preferred the present appeal.
Further, there is no requirement in the definition of ‘Resident’ that the person has to be legally resident and the expression would wrongly take in illegal immigrants as well.
It cannot be disputed that apart from the fact that the permanent disability affects the earning capacity of the person concerned, undoubtedly, one has to forego other personal comforts and even for normal avocation they have to depend on others.
Having regard to our aforesaid discussion, various arguments raised by the petitioner based on the judgments cited by him are of no benefit as those judgments have no applicability.
The stand off on Iran’s alleged nuclear weapons programme is thus a political instrumentality resorted to maximise advantage in a complex negotiating process.
National Institute for Entrepreneurship and Small Business Development (NIESBUD), New Delhi, which conducts national and international level training programmes in different fields and disciplines.
In the case before us, the allegation is that the appellant exceeded in exercising his power during investigation of a criminal case and assaulted the respondent in order to extract some information with regard to the death of one Sannamma, and in that connection, the respondent was detained in the police station for some time.
The validity of the report is not called into question in the court.
He also argued that casus omissus cannot be filled by Courts, but only by the Legislature.
Since the appeals in respect of these assessees were decided in their absence, they filed miscellaneous applications for recall of the order, with prayer to decide the appeals afresh after giving hearing to them.
In the preliminary inquiry by the Magistrate during inquiry or by the Sessions Judge before recording evidence at the trial, they shall hear the defence lawyer or the accused separately on the question without divulging facts which may enable the defence lawyer or accused to know about the identity of the witness.
Annexure I to the Letter of Award issued for Package 4 Contract.
Accordingly, the appeals are liable to be dismissed on the ground of delay.
These provisions in the Code of Civil Procedure were in existence when the Travancore-Cochin Act, 1125 (Indian calendar 1948-49) and the Kerala Act, 1958 were enacted but at no point of time any change was made by amendment to sub-section (3) of Section 98 of the Code to give an overriding effect along with the Letters Patent of the Chartered High Courts to other enactments dealing with formation of new High Courts for new States under the SR Act of 1956 or any other laws.
It can thus be seen that though the rights of a secured creditor may be exercised by such creditor outside the court process, yet such rights must be in conformity with the Act.
It can thus be seen that though the rights of a secured creditor may be exercised by such creditor outside the court process, yet such rights must be in conformity with the Act.
For the present, the presence of learned counsel for the States and Union Territories is not necessary.
An Advocate-on-Record can exercise this fundamental right of his effectively only if he is provided with a chamber within the Supreme Court premises.
Indian entrepreneurs know that developing countries need to prioritise relevant and eco-friendly technologies that are in sync with the state of economic development of the country as well as its social needs.
Even where the Committee considers that despite the penalty the officer is suitable for promotion, the officer may be promoted only after the currency of the penalty.
A just balance between the fundamental rights of the citizens under Articles 19 and 21 of the Constitution and the expansive power of the police to investigate a cognizable offence has to be struck by the court.
The purpose is to complete the proceedings unhindered.
Further, the moment a member is declared a defaulter, his right of nomination shall cease and vest in the Exchange because even the personal privilege given is at that point taken away from the defaulting member.
Further, the moment a member is declared a defaulter, his right of nomination shall cease and vest in the Exchange because even the personal privilege given is at that point taken away from the defaulting member.
The fact that the evidence brought by the prosecution, tested from any point of view and permutations and combinations leads to the conclusion that:- (1) It was an unlawful assembly.
Lack of continuity i. e. the existence of a sole proprietorship business is dependent on the life of the proprietor and illness, death etc. of the owner brings an end to the business.
It is clear that we are, today, at a defining stage in our bilateral relationship.
When the analyst said the real estate market has sprouted wings, he was talking about wings in a figurative sense.
Confirming the death penalty awarded to him, this Court held: 35. , (1999) 5 SCC 1 was a case in which the death penalty was confirmed since this Court accepted the view of the High Court that the accused was a “living danger  and incapable of rehabilitation.
The Excise Commissioner will pass fresh orders on Ext.P1 within the time limit prescribed by the Hon’ble High Court.
Entry 92-A added by the Sixth Amendment Act 1956 empowered the Parliament to levy taxes on the sale and purchase of the goods other than newspapers in the course of trade and commerce.
The concept of grain bank was to make grains easily accessible to the farmers and to keep them away from the clutches of the moneylenders.
Technological and scientific advance in the investigative process could be more effectively used if required amendments are introduced by Parliament.
He was confident many more would join these institutions soon.
While dealing with a writ petition, the court must exercise discretion, taking into consideration a wide variety of circumstances, inter-alia, the facts of the case, the exigency that warrants such exercise of discretion, the consequences of grant or refusal of the writ, and the nature and extent of injury that is likely to ensue by such grant or refusal.
While dealing with a writ petition, the court must exercise discretion, taking into consideration a wide variety of circumstances, inter-alia, the facts of the case, the exigency that warrants such exercise of discretion, the consequences of grant or refusal of the writ, and the nature and extent of injury that is likely to ensue by such grant or refusal.
In view of what has been noticed above, it is clear that it would not be appropriate for this Court to adjudicate the lis raised by the petitioner in the present writ petition.
We are bound by this decision as well as other decisions following this view.
Keeping in view the aforesaid provision, this Court in Indian Oil Corpn.
N.S. Bisht, Under Secretary, GOI, MHA, New Delhi.
In the USA, some States have their own laws, requiring fraudulent intent or knowledge of insufficient funds to be made good.
One non-Judicial Member who had her first term at Lucknow and has now been enjoying her Second Term, having been appointed for District Forum Barabanki but has been attached to Greater Noida and as per the reports, comes to Forum once or twice a week.
Rashid had stayed in the said room alongwith his friends, and he had served them lunch.
Rashid had stayed in the said room alongwith his friends, and he had served them lunch.
Ms. Aradhana asked the person who fetched the chair for her in the office to inform the Coach to come to the office of the appellant-accused.
When provides that trade shall be free throughout the territory of India, primarily it is the movement part of the trade that it has in mind and the movement or the transport part of trade must be free subject of course to the limitations and exceptions provided by the other Articles of Part XIII....
Added to this, out of the balance water of 45.08 TMC on savings, as per its population in the year 1991, the bench mark used for the other States, its share was worked out to be .22 TMC.
It may be noticed at this juncture that the Schedule to the prescribes the period of limitation only to proceedings in courts and not to any proceeding before a tribunal or quasi-judicial authority.
Keeping in mind the delinquency proved and established against the appellant in the enquiry report dated 18.7.2002, which was accepted by the punishing authority, we are satisfied that ends of justice would be met if the punishment of withholding 50% of his gratuity is maintained/sustained.
By application of this Rule, it is clear that for the period that the provisional duty notification is in force, the difference of Rs.50/-, in the example just given, cannot be collected from the importer despite Rs.50/- having been imposed because of dumping and material injury to the domestic industry.
By application of this Rule, it is clear that for the period that the provisional duty notification is in force, the difference of Rs.50/-, in the example just given, cannot be collected from the importer despite Rs.50/- having been imposed because of dumping and material injury to the domestic industry.
The admissions made were completely unauthorized at the relevant time but have now been granted approval and recognition as a result of certain subsequent events which have been taken into consideration by the MHRD.
Any use which constitutes an act of unfair competition within the meaning of the agreement.
Provided that this sub-section shall not apply in a case where the provisions of section 42 or section 44D or section 44DA or section 115A or section 293A apply for the purposes of computing profits or gains or any other income referred to in those sections.
The Supreme Court held that the impugned statute lacked the precision that the first amendment required when a statute regulates the content of speech.
In case, contradictions are so material that the same go to the root of the case, materially affect the trial or core of the prosecution case, court has to form its opinion about the credibility of the witnesses and find out as to whether their depositions inspire confidence.
According to the Plaintiff, the doctrine of Pari Delicto is not applicable, that IDBI is not a party to the conspiracy and IDBI is not acting on behalf of FMO.
But something more is necessary.
He corroborated the version given by other co-accused that on 3.2.1993 the landing took place and the contraband was transported by the truck of the respondent (A-27).
In this view of the matter, it could not be said that the bidders did not know the valuation or/and that it was not mentioned in the auction papers.
While discussing as regards the justifiability of the sentence, the Court referred to the decision in Bachan Singh’s case and opined that there were absolutely no mitigating circumstances and, on the contrary, the facts of the case disclosed only aggravating circumstances against the appellant.
In my judgment, the application of the doctrine of frustration requires a multi-factorial approach.
Nothing in this section shall be deemed to authorise a High Court to convert a finding of acquittal into one of conviction.
On the aspect of filing of false affidavits, Mr Soli J. Sorabjee, stressed that filing of false affidavits in the matter of elections is a serious issue having a direct bearing on the purity of an election.
There is no requirement that the accused must make out a special case for the exercise of the power to grant anticipatory bail.
Her outstanding leadership and remarkable vision has earned her international recognition.
So we insist that blind and bigoted local patriotism in xenophobic exclusivism is destructive of our Freedom and only if compelling considerations of gross injustice, desperate backwardness and glaring inequality desiderate such a purposeful course can protective discrimination gain entrance into the portals of college campuses.
Ibrahim and David JJ held in his favour while Sharma J held against him.
We think that the right to life includes the right to live with human dignity.
We have heard Mr. Milind Kumar, learned counsel appearing for the State and Mr. Sushil Kumar Jain, learned counsel appearing for the respondent.
Departments of Agriculture at the State level (External website that opens in a new window) have introduced some programmes while others are centrally sponsored schemes.
The explosives were also sold for terrorist activities which stood revealed from FIR No.130/2010 P.S. Karol Bagh, New Delhi.
Indeed, in our considered opinion, it was the appropriate course which the High Court should have followed for deciding the appeal finally on merits to meet such eventuality.
Indeed, in our considered opinion, it was the appropriate course which the High Court should have followed for deciding the appeal finally on merits to meet such eventuality.
Shri A.K. Chitale, learned senior counsel appearing for the appellant, submitted that the High Court has not properly appreciated the scope of Section 34 of the Securitisation Act and has completely over-looked the principle laid down by this Court in various Judgments with regard to the scope of Section 9 CPC vis-à-vis Section 34 of the Securitisation Act.
Parent-Teachers Association praying for the relief directing the State Government to take over the institutions.
Yet, this Court, on its own motion, examined the correctness of the First Judges case, and suo motu, made a reference of the matter, to a nine-Judge Bench, to reconsider the law declared in the First Judges case.
A-128 clearly establish the fact that it corroborate with the confessional statement of the appellant (A-14).
During the course of investigation, he visited the scene of offence, examined PWs.9 and 10 and LW-12/Simhadri Ramesh and recorded their statements.
The beginning of significant private participation in roadways was made with the launching of India 's largest road project called as the' National Highways Development Project (NHDP) '.
There is also report of Regional Forensic Science Laboratory, Rau (Indore) on record.
It is for the Judge of fact to consider in each case whether as a result of such cross-examination and contradiction, the witness stands thoroughly discredited or can still be believed in regard to a part of his testimony.
Again, the said person left Karachi on 09.07.1994 and entered Dubai on 09.07.1994 itself.
Passive euthanasia on the other hand would not implicate a criminal offence since the decision to withhold or withdraw artificial life support after taking into account the best interest of the patient would not constitute an illegal omission prohibited by law.
Ultimately, she was shunted out from the matrimonial abode and her husband filed a divorce petition.
As a result of acid burns the whole face of Renu got disfigured.
Prima facie, the absence of documentary evidence produced by the appellant-Company to show that the VRS was framed by it and converting the signatures of the concerned workmen obtained on the blank papers amounts to forced termination of the services of the concerned workmen which is a disputed question of fact which requires adjudication by the competent Industrial Tribunal and therefore, the demand regarding the alleged termination of the concerned workmen is required to be referred to the Industrial Tribunal by the State Government.
Viscera is preserved for chemical analysis as desired by SDM.
In the first year of this century, a petition under was moved for issuing directions to implement the provisions of the said Act by (a) appointing appropriate authorities at State and district levels and the Advisory Committees; (b) issuing direction to the Central Government to ensure that the Central Supervisory Board meets every 6 months as provided under the PNDT Act; and for banning of all advertisements of prenatal sex selection including all other sex- determination techniques which can be abused to selectively produce only boys either before or during pregnancy.
ICBC, China.
It is brought to our notice that the Police had cordoned off and sealed the said area so as to ensure that the scene of crime was not tampered with.
It is brought to our notice that the Police had cordoned off and sealed the said area so as to ensure that the scene of crime was not tampered with.
Our finest inheritance, the institutions of democracy, ensure to all citizens justice, equality, and gender and economic equity.
Intensity is another characteristic of sound.
Patriots like Bareendra Nath Ghose, Veer Savarkar and Trailokya Maharaj, who had dared to challenge the might of the Empire were brought her and confined in the Cellular jail.
Once it is admitted that the marriage procedure was followed then it is not necessary to further probe into whether the said procedure was complete as per the Hindu Rites in the proceedings under S.125,.
Similarly, the requirement that the cinema must have emergency lights, fire extinguishers and that the occupiers must provide help to the patrons in the event of any emergency ensuring rapid dispersal from the enclosed area were obligations that too were implicit in the issue and renewal of the cinematograph licence.
Similarly, the requirement that the cinema must have emergency lights, fire extinguishers and that the occupiers must provide help to the patrons in the event of any emergency ensuring rapid dispersal from the enclosed area were obligations that too were implicit in the issue and renewal of the cinematograph licence.
It constitutes an exception to the general rule that once a judgment is signed or pronounced, it should not be altered.
It has come on record that the Union of India has categorised the elderly as those who are above 60 years of age and up to 79 years of age belonging to one category and those above 80 years of age belonging to another category.
This indeed is the rationale for creating a legal framework of enforceable social and economic rights.
Special focus areas are scheduled castes and tribes and role of women in agriculture.
The inspiring journey of these winners will go a long way in motivating the next generation of scientists, researchers, and thought leaders.
All notices under the rules are addressed to him. He is the custodian of the records of the House. He prepares full report of the proceedings of the House and also issues the List of Business for the day.
Bill, without of course calling it a ‘National Judicial Commission’, and without the necessity of amending the Constitution as suggested by the said Amendment Bill.
No infirmity attaches to the testimony of Police Officials merely because they belong to Police Force.
No infirmity attaches to the testimony of Police Officials merely because they belong to Police Force.
The Amended Act does not wholly cover the directions issued by this Court.
South Asia Regional Initiative/Equity Support Program (NGO) has submitted a victim/witness protocol to prevent and combat trafficking of women and children in India.
Entrepreneurs from all over the world are exploring the opportunities in this area.
In the aforesaid report, secondary victimisation is indicated as a victimisation that occurs not as a direct result of a criminal act but through the inadequate response of institutions and individuals to the victims.
It was, however, not so in this case.
The High Court has reversed the above findings of the Special Judge.
Madhuri Patil provides for verification only to avoid false and bogus claims.
Blessings from younger brother Trilok and love from Ganesh.
The Financial Benefits claimed under PAHAL scheme was Rs.14,672 crores which is not correct.
Vacant land, it may be noted, is not actually acquired but deemed to have been acquired, in that deeming things to be what they are not.
It has, therefore, requested the Managing Director, GMDC to give 50 per cent of coal from Morga block to the appellant.
It has, therefore, requested the Managing Director, GMDC to give 50 per cent of coal from Morga block to the appellant.
The importance of rehabilitation and social re-integration clearly stands out if we appreciate the objective of the JJ Act which is to foster restorative justice.
We, therefore, hold that as the Appellants have removed the inputs after subjecting them to the process of E.D. Coating, mere reversal of the MODVAT Credit availed in respect of those inputs would not be payment of appropriate amount of duty.
This is some indication by the legislature that reformation and rehabilitation of offenders and not mere deterrence, are now among the foremost objects of the administration of criminal justice in our country.
This is some indication by the legislature that reformation and rehabilitation of offenders and not mere deterrence, are now among the foremost objects of the administration of criminal justice in our country.
According to the High Court she being one of the co-owners of the suit premises was a necessary party to eviction petition.
Rather, it was the duty of the Court to decide the request on its merits and only upon its rejection, proceed to consider the prayer for grant of statutory bail.
Similar such provisions for other types of criminal trespass have also been provided for in the said Chapter.
Almost all the villages of the State are connected by all - weather roads.
First, in Ranbaxy Laboratories, the Court was concerned with the exemption notification issued under Para 25 of the 1995 DPCO whereas in the present matters, the issue centres around Paras 14, 16 and 19 of that DPCO.
Thereafter, Defendants 1 to 6 left the Plaintiff to their fate by permitting the auction sale to take place and consequently wanted the agreement to get frustrated.
The learned Single Judge did not find any merit in the said petition filed before her and she accordingly dismissed the same with a direction to the Trial Court to conclude the trial expeditiously.
It has also nurtured Indian talent. In 1943, Chintaman Dwarkanath Deshmukh, one of India’s finest financial minds, was appointed as the first Indian governor of the Reserve Bank.
The prosecution led evidence in support of its case comprising of relatives to prove demand of dowry, apart from medical evidence and evidence of investigation.
He signed on the notice in Hindi and put his thumb impression.
At 2.15 am, the doctor on casualty duty gave his opinion stating that the injured victim was in a fit condition to make his statement.
The Hearing Committee did not accept the explanation offered by the petitioner college and submitted its negative finding.
PW6 even stated that he did not know the assailants.
A constitutional issue, however, must have a constitutional answer.
In the said judgment, this Court has upheld the right of the Insurance Company to appoint Surveyor but such right can be exercised for valid reasons or if the report is found to be arbitrary and that Insurance Company must give cogent reasons without which it is not free to appoint the second Surveyor.
In the said judgment, this Court has upheld the right of the Insurance Company to appoint Surveyor but such right can be exercised for valid reasons or if the report is found to be arbitrary and that Insurance Company must give cogent reasons without which it is not free to appoint the second Surveyor.
Thus, father’s widow in Class-II, Entry-VI, will logically refers to step-mother only and not real mother.
At the stage of granting bail, a detailed examination of evidence and elaborate documentation of the merits of the case has not to be undertaken.
On a consideration of read with the relevant provisions of the insolvency law, I come to the conclusion that the holder of a statutory lien or the holder of a lien created by contract and registered as required by is a secured creditor in the matter of winding up of the insolvent company with regard to, among other things, debts provable in the winding up proceedings.
On the other hand, what appears reasonable is to give an option to the policyholder to clearly express whether the nominee will collect the 7.1.13 7.1.14 money on behalf of the legal representatives (in other words such nominee will be the collector nominee) or whether the nominee will be the absolute owner of the monies in which case such nominee will be the beneficial nominee.
He was trying to run away.
The above are all examples where the allegations whose truth has not been found, and were merely the motive.
Gagan River Protection Works at Moradabad in Uttar Pradesh.
They confessed about the involvement of accused No.5 - Lalla Giri.
In order to appreciate the controversy raised in the appeal, it is necessary to state the relevant facts hereinbelow.
The CGHS Scheme also covers Delhi police personnel, retired judges of the Supreme Court, Parliament secretaries and their families.
These documents are discounted by the bank at a price lower than their face value.
He assured her that both of them would stay as husband and wife.
Accordingly, on 13th January, 2009 the Court turned its attention to yet another very important and significant aspect of the BOCW Act, that is, the appointment of registering officers, registration of establishments and the registration of building workers who are the real beneficiaries of the provisions of the BOCW Act.
When the individual liberty is curtailed in an unlawful manner, the victim is likely to feel more anguished, agonized, shaken, perturbed, disillusioned and emotionally torn.
The explanation leaves no manner of doubt that to attract an offence under , there should be legally enforceable debt or other liability subsisting on the date of drawal of the cheque.
Recognition of facts without formal proof is a matter of expediency and no one has ever questioned the need and wisdom of accepting the existence of matters which are unquestionably within public knowledge.
Accordingly the appeal is dismissed.
Accordingly the appeal is dismissed.
Accordingly the appeal is dismissed.
Accordingly the appeal is dismissed.
Accordingly the appeal is dismissed.
Setting up and effective operationalisation of IFC’s civic society may be involved in the functioning of IFCs to make them citizen - friendly and effective.
Y’ and not ‘X’, which had been agreed upon in the contract.
The report also suggests that the parapet wall of baby dam and main dam have been raised to 160 ft (48.77 m) except for a 20 m stretch on the main dam due to denial of permission by the Government of Kerala.
Without disturbing, therefore, orders of the Tribunal and the High Court the appellants are held entitled to the following additional reliefs.
As per the rent ledger, during January 1999 to December 2014 rent of Rs.41,99,174[14] was due to OOA towards rent of Kalyan Mandap (Barabati Palace).
The minutes of all important meetings like Standing Committee and Consultative Committee are also circulated in Hindi.
The learned ASG submitted that in pursuance of international obligations, the Union of India after due deliberation had taken a conscious policy decision to fix the age of a child/juvenile at the upper limit of 18 years.
The learned ASG submitted that in pursuance of international obligations, the Union of India after due deliberation had taken a conscious policy decision to fix the age of a child/juvenile at the upper limit of 18 years.
If such mistake by an operator crosses a threshold defined in the policy, the operator is blacklisted/ removed from the UIDAI ecosystem.
The High Court directed disclosure.
It seeks to establish a sound infrastructure in the field of production, processing and marketing with a focus on post harvest management to reduce losses.
The Caravan article raised certain doubts about the role of one Ishwar Baheti.
Firstly, it said that there was a world of difference between issue of a notice, on the one hand, and receipt, thereof, on the other.
On 21 March 2017 the compliance assessment verification dated 21 February 2017 was considered by the Executive Committee of MCI.
Many people arrange their affairs and large number of transactions also take place on the faith of the correctness of the view taken by this Court.
Many people arrange their affairs and large number of transactions also take place on the faith of the correctness of the view taken by this Court.
Section 7(b) of the RP Act of 1951: 'disqualified' means disqualified for being chosen as, and for being, a member of either House of Parliament or of the Legislative Assembly or Legislative Council of a State.
It could have refused bail and remanded the accused to custody, but in the circumstances and for the reasons mentioned by it, exercised its jurisdiction in favour of grant of bail.
Each contracting party shall permit all funds of an investor of the other contracting party related to an investment in its territory to be freely transferred, without unreasonable delay and on a non - discriminatory basis.
The Assistant Commissioner, Commissioner Tax Division II, Indore vide order dated 28.04.2003 imposed entry tax on Mediker treating it as a hair shampoo and “Revive Instant Starch  as a chemical; and as the tax was not paid, interest and penalty were also levied.
A person whether he is a judicial officer or a Public Prosecutor or a lawyer defending the accused should always uphold the dignity of their high office with a full sense of responsibility and see that its value in no circumstance gets devalued.
In this regard, it may be mentioned that if the President disregards the advice of the Council of Ministers he can impeached.
Such inputs are made available by the Union Ministry for Home Affairs, by having the integrity, social behaviour, political involvement and the like, examined through the Intelligence Bureau.
I find that the application for withdrawal by the Public Prosecutor has been made in good faith after careful consideration of the materials placed before him and the order of consent given by the Magistrate was also after due consideration of various details, as indicated above.
However, it is a tender grain and care has to be taken in all stages of its growth and harvest.
Though present, no report thereof was registered immediately thereafter.
It was submitted, that the same 21 legislators belonging to the INC again addressed a joint statement to the Chief Minister, wherein they contested his legitimacy, as leader of the INC.
Suppose the trial Judge allows the plaintiff to amend his plaint or include a cause of action or a relief as a result of which a vested right of limitation accrued to the defendant is taken away and rendered nugatory.
For the aforesaid purpose advertence was made to offences alleged against the appellants, the ingredients of the offences and the averments made in the complaint.
It is submitted that the term “works  would include the final product and, therefore, a works contract cannot be confined to a contract to provide labour and services but is a contract for undertaking or for bringing into existence some “works .
In a case based upon the circumstantial evidence, it is settled law that each circumstance constituting the chain must be established by convincing evidence.
JNNURM is authorized to appraise and sanction projects costing up to `500 Crores under the Mission with the approval of Minister of Urban Development and Finance Minister, in each case without further reference to the Expenditure Finance Committee / Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs.
The High Court opined that the order passed by the Governor was not found to be unconstitutional.
It is this issue, which is now carried by the unsuccessful candidates (appellants) to this Court in these appeals.
What constitutes the basic structure of the Constitution has been considered in several decisions of this Court and democracy (for example) or free and fair elections or judicial review of legislative action or separation (or distribution) of powers between the Legislature, the Executive and the Judiciary have all been held to be a part of the basic structure of the Constitution.
We may first refer to the facts of Civil Appeal No. 6805 of 2013 relating to Bankmens Co-operative Group Housing Society (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Bankmens CGHS’).
Though the Act does not provide for “just terms  or “just compensation , but the market value is to be assessed taking into consideration the use to which it is being put on acquisition and whether the land has unusual or unique features or potentialities.
In India, Banking sector has became more customer friendly to provide banking services through mobile phone.
Even the NHRC had in its Annual Report (1996-1997) suggested that if financial constraint was really one of the reasons for not setting-up of Commission in the North-Eastern Regions, the State Governments could consider setting-up such commissions by resorting to , which permits two States having the same Chairperson or Members thereby considerably reducing the expenses on the establishment of such Commissions.
In the case on hand, meagre advance of Rs.40,000/- was paid and received by revision petitioners father/vendor.
I am confident that the momentum recently generated in our bilateral relationship will continue to grow in the coming months and years.
Both of them spoke freely about their engagement, their lives and future plans.
The approximate length of the tunnel is stated to be 94 feet.
The approximate length of the tunnel is stated to be 94 feet.
The learned Senior Counsel contended that in view of the definition of “rent  in the Chota Nagpur Tenancy Act, 1908 which includes all dues recoverable under any 7 , BLR Act enactment, it cannot be said that the demand made by the State of Bihar was not a public demand.
It does not flow from the said pronouncement that it is obligatory on the part of the Appellate Court in all circumstances to engage amicus curiae in a criminal appeal to argue on behalf of the accused failing which the judgment rendered by the High Court would be absolutely unsustainable.
It does not flow from the said pronouncement that it is obligatory on the part of the Appellate Court in all circumstances to engage amicus curiae in a criminal appeal to argue on behalf of the accused failing which the judgment rendered by the High Court would be absolutely unsustainable.
Since 1990, he was posted in District Bhind.
It cannot be said that the prescriptions by the State Government in addition to those of AICTE in the present case are such which are not attainable or which are not within the reach of the candidates who seek admission for engineering colleges.
Note Currently there is no Municipal Corporation in Tripura.
While inquiring into the second complaint since the Lokayukt found that the allegations made in the complaint were prima facie proved, SPE was directed to proceed further in accordance with law.
While inquiring into the second complaint since the Lokayukt found that the allegations made in the complaint were prima facie proved, SPE was directed to proceed further in accordance with law.
Prior to 11.06.2001 the CENVAT credit admissible on the declared inputs used in the manufacture of process of man-made fibre was 45 per cent.
Rule 31 of the MC Rules prescribes that the lease deed will be in Form K or in a form near thereto.
Rule 31 of the MC Rules prescribes that the lease deed will be in Form K or in a form near thereto.
I would like you to remember that knowledge should be always used in the service of the people and society.
Most people infected with HSV - 2 are not aware of their infection.
Accordingly, the Secretary of the Society addressed a letter dated 10.3.1993 to the Deputy Registrar, Co-operative Societies, for the approval of the decision of the Board of Directors (of the Society, dated 14.2.1993).
Also the CPCB had specifically stated that joined crackers should be banned by way of their letter dated November 04, 1996 to the Commissioner of Police.
Calamity destroys not only human beings but also other living creatures, the natural habitat and the environment.
The appointment of the Appellants was wholly illegal, and in contravention of the Bihar Forest Service Rules, 1953.
The appointment of the Appellants was wholly illegal, and in contravention of the Bihar Forest Service Rules, 1953.
Exchanges between the two countries during the commemorative year will help further intensify co-operation for the benefit of peoples of both countries and peace and prosperity in the region.
On September 15, 2008, this Court issued notice in the said writ petition.
The wise grieve neither for the living nor for the dead.
The test for applicability of Section 10 of the Code is whether on a final decision being reached in the previously instituted suit, such decision would operate as res-judicata in the subsequent suit.
The test for applicability of Section 10 of the Code is whether on a final decision being reached in the previously instituted suit, such decision would operate as res-judicata in the subsequent suit.
Cooperation, Marketing and Textiles Department (Mantralaya).
She added that alone was a penal provision for not complying with a protection order, and went on to state that the modern rule as to penal provisions is different from that sought to be contended by Shri Raval, and that such rule requires the court to give a fair interpretation to the provisions of these statutes, neither leaning in favour of the accuser or the accused.
Speaking on the occasion,the President saidthatthe Bharat Chamber of Commerce is one of India’s oldest chambers with a history going back to the year 1900 when it was formed as an Association of Merchants belonging to a particular community.
An employee found guilty of a misconduct cannot be placed on par with the other employees and his case has to be treated differently.
The members of raiding party surrounded the car.
He denied the appellant's association with a lady named Darly and as a matter of fact expressed ignorance about her.
The primary imperative of Articles 14 and 15 is equal opportunity for all across the nation to attain excellence and this has burning relevance to our times when the country is gradually being ‘broken up into fragments by narrow domestic walls’ in politics, economics and education, undoing the founding faith of an undivided integrated India by surrender to lesser appeals and grosser passions.
Narendra Modi became the first Indian Prime Minister to embark on a bilateral visit to Nepal after a long period of 17 years, to Australia after 28 years, to Fiji after 31 years and Seychelles after 34 years.
A total of 65 grassroots innovations are part of this Exhibition.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has condoled the passing away of Shri Rameshwar Thakur.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has condoled the passing away of Shri Rameshwar Thakur.
This standard requires that the measure by which a human right is being curtailed, must satisfy the following requirements: « The measure must by prescribed by law.
On a perusal of the preamble and the objects, it is clear as crystal that the respondent has been established as a Scientific, Technical, Professional and Voluntary Non-Governmental International Organization, dedicated to enhance the world-wide supply of food and fibre for all people by improving water and land management and the productivity of irrigated and drained lands so that the appropriate management of water, environment and the application of irrigation, drainage and flood control techniques.
Dholi stayed back overnight with Ram Sarup.
Though it was noted by the Charity Commissioner that no public notice had been published in the newspaper for inviting the offers, yet for non-publication of the same in newspapers, the applicant, gave an explanation by way of an affidavit, that public notice was not mandatory in all cases, before a grant of sanction.
It is, therefore, imperative that if any individual or group of persons, by their action or caustic and inflammatory speech are bent upon sowing seed of mutual hatred, and their proposed activities are likely to create disharmony and disturb equilibrium, sacrificing public peace and tranquility, strong action, and more so preventive actions are essentially and vitally needed to be taken.
He also pointed out that even when the appellant was out, five charge-sheets have been filed and there is no impediment in finalizing the remaining three charge-sheets and he is willing to cooperate with the Agency by fulfilling all the conditions imposed by the Special Court and the High Court.
He also pointed out that even when the appellant was out, five charge-sheets have been filed and there is no impediment in finalizing the remaining three charge-sheets and he is willing to cooperate with the Agency by fulfilling all the conditions imposed by the Special Court and the High Court.
The appellant-accused gave first blow to his wife – Veena Verma from behind with Kulhara (axe) on her head and when she fell down on the ground he caused successive blows on her neck and the head and, thereafter, he attacked his daughter–Geetu Verma and caused repeated Kulhara blows till her death.
Hon'ble Supreme Court in the case of Jitendra Kumar Singh (supra) held that even in absence of the public servant, the private persons can be tried by a special Court.
Mr. Malhotra pointed out that this Court held that while it is true that the purpose of detention under the is not punitive but preventive and that there must be a live and proximate link between the grounds of detention alleged by the Detaining Authority and the purpose of detention, and that in appropriate cases it may be assumed that the live link is snapped, one may strike down an order of detention, but where the delay is found to be on account of the recalcitrant conduct of the detenue in evading arrest, it may be considered that the link had not snapped, but had been strengthened.
The Home Minister by his order dated 08.08.2001 directed for obtaining legal advise.
A police officer before arrest, in such cases has to be further satisfied that such arrest is necessary to prevent such person from committing any further offence; or for proper investigation of the case; or to prevent the accused from causing the evidence of the offence to disappear; or tampering with such evidence in any manner; or to prevent such person from making any inducement, threat or promise to a witness so as to dissuade him from disclosing such facts to the court or the police officer; or unless such accused person is arrested, his presence in the court whenever required cannot be ensured.
To put the matter beyond any pale of controversy, Mr. Lalit made an unequivocal statement at the bar on behalf of the State Government that no final decision regarding resumption of any part of the lease area has been taken by the State Government so far and all that had transpired till date must necessarily be taken as provisional.
To put the matter beyond any pale of controversy, Mr. Lalit made an unequivocal statement at the bar on behalf of the State Government that no final decision regarding resumption of any part of the lease area has been taken by the State Government so far and all that had transpired till date must necessarily be taken as provisional.
G. Mohanan (PW.10), another auto rickshaw driver saw the Maruti Van parked on the road and a person standing near it.
There can be no quarrel with the settled legal proposition that if a statute provides for the approval of the higher Authority, the order cannot be given effect to unless it is approved and the same remains inconsequential and unenforceable.
There can be no quarrel with the settled legal proposition that if a statute provides for the approval of the higher Authority, the order cannot be given effect to unless it is approved and the same remains inconsequential and unenforceable.
He died on 22.06.1922 leaving behind his wife Mst.
In this section and in the sections following in this Chapter, “Court  means the High Court having original jurisdiction to decide the questions forming the subject-matter of the arbitral award if the same had been the subject-matter of a suit on its original civil jurisdiction and in other cases, in the High Court having jurisdiction to hear appeals from decrees of courts subordinate to such High Court.
This is the importance of the words “derived from industrial undertaking  as against “profits attributable to industrial undertaking.
The reference to Rule 27 (2)(l) was relied upon by learned counsel for the State.
A certiorari quashing order dated 23rd September 2011 by which respondent No.3 was absorbed on the post of Senior Deputy Advocate General was also prayed for, besides a mandamus directing the State to consider the case of the writ petitioners for absorption.
The petitioner College submitted its fresh application for renewal permission for 6th batch (100 seat) for the academic year 2016-2017 on 20.06.2016 along with the compliance report.
Thereafter, she left the hospital at about 11.00 p.m.
If the decree for eviction was a nullity, the executing court could declare it to be such and decline to execute it against the respondent.
It makes more sense to have cricket playing grounds in each District, rather than having one or two stadia in a State.
The fact that litigation is time consuming and expensive is well known.
I collected the melted remains of AK-56 Rifle and threw it in the sea at Marine Drive.
We may briefly refer to the three Australian decisions relied upon.
It works by blocking the release of sperm into the vagina.
Our attention has been drawn by Mr. Mehta to a decision of this Court in the case of [(1990) 3 SCC 157].
The approach identified for the livestock sector in the 11th Plan is to achieve an overall growth between 6 to 7 percent per annum for the sector as a whole, with milk group achieving a growth of 5% per annum and meat and poultry achieving a growth of 10% per annum.
The State Police Chie, in his letter read as 4 th paper above, has reported that Sri K. Manohara Kumar, who is the immediate junior to Sri D. Sali as per the notification read as 1st paper above, was promoted to the cadre of Deputy Superintendent of Police as per the Government Order read as 3rd paper above and he took charge of the post of Deputy Superintendent of Police on 19.03.2001 FN.
The aforesaid is the finding recorded on appreciation of evidence.
That the executive adopted a defeatist or an I-don’t-care attitude is most unfortunate.
Lord Nicholls and Lord Hoffmann in their opinion in Naomi Campbell’s case16 recognized the importance of the protection of privacy.
Committee charters, terms of reference or other company documents outlining the duties and powers of the committee or its members should also be disclosed, including whether or not the committee is empowered to make decisions which bind the board, or whether the committee can only make recommendations to the board.
She gave her child to the appellant and went to the kitchen.
The prospective adoptive parents shall be physically fit, financially sound, mentally alert and highly motivated to adopt a child for providing a good upbringing to him.
The Reserve Bank of India will determine the maximum yield / minimum price at which bids will be accepted.
Name of our branch where you have the account.
It is in these circumstances that Karnataka first appointed Mr. B.V. Acharya as the Public Prosecutor and then Mr. Bhavani Singh as the Special Public Prosecutor to conduct the trial against the accused persons.
It is therefore apparent, that despite the consequences of a DNA test, this Court has concluded, that it was permissible for a Court to permit the holding of a DNA test, if it was eminently needed, after balancing the interests of the parties.
Their involvement through these representatives is most deserving and long awaited.
Given the times, it was a paradigm shift in the existing epistemological models in the study of art and culture.
To put it in other words, the sovereignty vests in the public, but that sovereignty is delegated to the legislatures or the sovereignty is expressed through the legislatures in respect of certain subjects.
A State Counsel by whatever designation called, appears in important civil and constitutional matters, service and tax matters and every other matter where substantial stakes are involved or matters of grave and substantial importance at times touching public policy and security of State are involved.
PW14 who conducted the Post Mortem on the body of Unadbhai Desurbhai was also examined.
However, no documentation as regards the Test Identification Parade was produced on record in the present trial.
Hinduism (Sanskrit: eternal religion) in all religions of the world 's oldest religion.
The quantum of 1st tranche is based on the number of person days projected by the State/UT for the first six months of the year (up to September) in the Labour Budget.
The person delivering the goods is called the 'bailor' and the person to whom the goods are delivered is called the 'bailee'.
Be it noted, the principal witnesses on whom the prosecution relied are Dakshaben Shantilal Shah, PW-9, a social worker at Vikas Vidhyalay (Vadhvan), Miraben Devsinhbhai, PW-21, sister of the deceased, Champaben Devsinhbhai, PW-18, mother of the deceased, Kanaiyabhai Devsinhbhai, PW-19, brother of the deceased and Natubhai Hirabhai, PW- 17, Sarpanch of village Rajsitapur.
The only explanation for judicial intervention in tariff fixation/revision is where the person aggrieved can show that the tariff fixation was illegal, arbitrary or ultra vires the Act.
The only explanation for judicial intervention in tariff fixation/revision is where the person aggrieved can show that the tariff fixation was illegal, arbitrary or ultra vires the Act.
In view of the aforestated legal position, we are of the view that the law laid down by a three-Judge Bench of this Court in the case of Dr. J.J. Merchant (supra) should prevail.
It is because an institution which has not been given approval for the course, gets a premium.
It is because an institution which has not been given approval for the course, gets a premium.
When the light turned green, the vehicles started.
When the light turned green, the vehicles started.
The legislature in its wisdom did recognise this fact and the Legislature has provided that bona fide requirement of the landlord for his own use will be a legitimate ground under the Act for the eviction of his tenant from any residential premises.
The legislature in its wisdom did recognise this fact and the Legislature has provided that bona fide requirement of the landlord for his own use will be a legitimate ground under the Act for the eviction of his tenant from any residential premises.
Such, however, is not the case with the business of liquor.
Such, however, is not the case with the business of liquor.
The right to privacy as falling in part III of the Constitution may, depending on its variable facts, vest in one part or the other, and would thus be subject to the restrictions of exercise of that particular fundamental right.
In that case, the Court noted the safety and security risk in the setting up of the nuclear power plant in the backdrop of Fukushima disaster and Bhopal Gas tragedy.
Avoid eating oily food and especially avoid eating cut fruit from vendors as it may have been exposed to flies and dust.
If the original commodity i.e. syringes and needles continue as such post-sterilization, the second test would not lead to the conclusion that the process of sterilization is a process which leads to manufacture.
If the original commodity i.e. syringes and needles continue as such post-sterilization, the second test would not lead to the conclusion that the process of sterilization is a process which leads to manufacture.
Such a right is conferred upon him under the provisions of the which necessarily would mean that the conditions laid down therein would be applicable in relation thereto.
The Ministry of Environment and Forests issued the Recycled Plastics Manufacture and Usage Rules 1999, and amended it in 2003 under the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 for regulating and managing plastic carry bags and containers.
I have been given to understand that the Orthodox Church has made enduring contributions to the betterment of the life of the people of Kerala.
And, that she had sexual intercourse with him consensually.
It was necessary to file the above case due to non-compliance of above notice, do not make the payment of balance amount of rent and do not delegate the possession of the shop to the plaintiff by the respondent even after terminating tenancy.
It is not true that I had given rupees ten lacs to the accused Rohitbhai on temporary basis.
Against the decision of the Settlement Officer, an appeal is provided to the Tribunal and the decision of the Tribunal is declared final and not liable to be questioned in any Court of law.
He was also one of the first editors prosecuted for sedition.
A reading of the said Rule makes it clear that application of the rule of reservation is permissible under the High Court Rules provided such reservation is in accordance with government orders as adopted by the High Court.
The remnants of the RDX were taken from his godown, and thrown into the Kaman river.
Men may lie but the circumstances do not, is the cardinal principle of evaluation of evidence.
Personnel managers or human resource managers interpret the progressive needs of the organisation and direct individual potential towards a common goal.
In 1999, a Hand Book of Justice for Victims was prepared by the United Nations Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention.
Though, the guidelines± provide for norms for consideration for inter se priority for allocation of a block among competing applicants for a captive block but the minutes do not disclose at all how the norms for inter se priority are met by the companies selected for recommendation by the Screening Committee.
Even then, detention should be in such a manner and in conditions that respect the human rights of juveniles (Rule 12).
Even then, detention should be in such a manner and in conditions that respect the human rights of juveniles (Rule 12).
He said that there is need for electoral reforms.
President of United States of America has established a circuit judges nominating Commission to recommend names of the best qualified persons for appointment to the United States Court of Appeal.
Counsel for the appellant has pressed on the registered sale deed dated 14.08.1980 executed in his favour which shows a prima facie case with regard to ownership of the property in dispute in his favour.
VSNL informed Respondent No. 2 – Department of Pension and Pension Welfare, Government of India to settle the cases of the Appellants in accordance with Clause (b) of the Office Memorandum.
Large scale global seismology studies have helped to identify areas at risk from earthquakes and tsunami.
In Jagjit Singh alias (supra) cited by Mr. Sharan, the relevant facts were that PW-6, who was a young girl of 7 years age and resided in a different village than that of Jagjit Singh did not say in her earlier statements that she knew him, but in her statement recorded by the Investigating Officer under , .
As we have seen, clause (4) deals with the executive power of the Council of Ministers of GNCTD.
That is not sufficient or adequate, since the purpose of the EIA report is to make an assessment of ESZs which fall within the study area.
The Chief. Justice of Australia, somewhere in July 1977, advocated that the time is now ripe for a Judicial Appointments Committee to be set up in Australia.
It would be appropriate to refer to some such communications amongst the Appellant, the Respondent and HTPL for illustrative purposes.
In the above circumstances, we set aside the judgment in appeal.
The “reasonable expectation of privacy  test has been relied on subsequently by various other jurisdictions while developing the right to privacy.
This is rather anomalous.
It has been asserted as well that the High Court had erred in taking into account only five special items by excluding the other expensive furnishings/attachments in computing the cost of construction.
For the issuance of duplicate Passport (if you’re present passport is lost or damaged).
The respondent(LIC), accordingly, adduced evidence before the Tribunal and proved the charges.
In other words, only in those cases where it is so expressly provided in the Constitution itself or in any law made by Parliament, the executive power of the Union will be available.
Massive disturbance and lawlessness prevailed all over the town causing law and order problem.
During that period we restrain MoEF, SEIAA and/or any public authority from sanctioning any construction project on the wetlands and catchment areas of the water bodies in the city of Bangalore.
During that period we restrain MoEF, SEIAA and/or any public authority from sanctioning any construction project on the wetlands and catchment areas of the water bodies in the city of Bangalore.
A contract is said to be discharged when the liabilities of the parties thereto, come to an end or are determined.
The next submission relates to the issue whether the students who cannot be adjusted in the seats of All-India quota that have been transferred to the State quota of this year can be adjusted next year.
The assessment for the disputed period shall be completed within three months from today.
Alfa luggage  with electronic clock machine needle etc. were used to ensure ‘delay mechanism’.
Gout is associated with rich food and alcohol consumption.
The learned counsel for the appellant contended that the respondent authorities adopted a hyper-technical approach while dealing with the case of freedom fighter and ignored the basic objectives of the scheme, which is to honour and benefit the kith and kin of the freedom fighters.
Though good governance entered the lexicon of development two decades back, its essentials were prevalent in India since ancient times.
If the classification has reasonable nexus with the objective sought to be achieved, the Board would be justified in prescribing different pay scales.
If the classification has reasonable nexus with the objective sought to be achieved, the Board would be justified in prescribing different pay scales.
The prosecution against the appellant ended in acquittal.
The Court must make a fine balance between the purity of the election process and the avoidance of an election petition being a source of annoyance to the returned candidate and his constituents.
The doctrine of pleasure, however, is not a licence to act with unfettered discretion to act arbitrarily, whimsically, or capriciously.
Per contra, Mr. Salman Khurshid, learned senior counsel appearijng for CCI highlighted the purpose for which the Act is enacted and, in particular, objective behind of the Act, whch is taken note of by this Court in Excel Crop Care Limited as well as West Bengal Artists Association.
Even if there are some “works  involved, there is no “works contract  between the promoter and purchaser.
The decision in Kadyan (supra), while emphasizing that the appointment of Army Commanders is made by selection, holds that an officer does not have a vested right to claim to be promoted only by dint of seniority.
The decision in Kadyan (supra), while emphasizing that the appointment of Army Commanders is made by selection, holds that an officer does not have a vested right to claim to be promoted only by dint of seniority.
The Assistant Director issued notice to the APHB on 7th July, 1994 for the purposes of carrying out the survey but according to the APHB the notice was not received.
In M.H. Hoskot v. State of Maharashtra (1978) 3 SCC 544, he declared: “If a prisoner sentenced to imprisonment is virtually unable to exercise his constitutional and statutory right of appeal inclusive of special leave to appeal for want of legal assistance, there is implicit in the Court under Article 142 read with Articles 21 and 39-A of the Constitution, power to assign counsel for such imprisoned individual ‘for doing complete justice .
Mere possession for howsoever length of time does not result in converting the permissible possession into adverse possession.
The order passed by the Appellate Authority is a non-speaking order and suffers from vice of non application of mind.
In other words, it is permissible to award interest in arbitrable claims by the Arbitral Tribunal.
The High Court has taken his functional disability at 25%.
Subsidy Scheme Meant for vessels that are operational in National Waterways, Sunderbans waterways and Indo - Bangladesh Protocol routes.
AND CRIMINAL APPEAL NO.
Rather, it seemed to have fixed the annual rent arbitrarily without examining the anticipated revenue earning.
Court is authorized to lump up the various items with respect to which criminal breach of trust was committed and to mention the total amount misappropriated within a year in the charge.
He has also made an endorsement to that effect.
An individual who is compulsorily retired or removed on grounds other than misconduct or discharged under the provisions of , 1950 and the rules made thereunder, remains eligible for pension and/or gratuity as admissible on the date of discharge.
The operative findings which are seen from the examination done by the Gynaecologist and the Surgeons are: “Perineal Abdominal findings: Rectum is longitudinally torn on anterior aspect in continuation with tear.
The respondent No.1 has been dispossessed on the basis of a fraudulent ex-parte decree, on the strength of agreement of sale executed by a person, who has no title to the property.
The focus of SHG - 2 would be on voluntary savings, cash credit as a preferred mode of lending, scope for multiple borrowings by SHG members in keeping with repaying capacity, avenues to meet higher credit requirements for livelihood creation, SHG Federations as non - financial intermediary, rating and audit of SHGs as part of risk mitigation system and strengthening monitoring mechanisms.
Thus, they claim that by customary tradition, the office of the mutawalli of the mosque is vested with their family.
We shall refer to the judgment of the High Court dated 10.11.2014 as the impugned judgment while considering all these appeals.
Power of Joint Commissioner to issue directions in certain cases.
The equality clause enshrined in requires that every such appointment be made by an open advertisement as to enable all eligible persons to compete on merit.
Unless its action is mala fide, even a wrong decision taken by it is not open to challenge.
The legal questions raised in this appeal are that the High Court has failed to consider Section 6R of the U.P.I.D. Act, where the effects of laws inconsistent with Sections 6J to 6Q are dealt with.
The respondents entered appearance and pleaded not guilty.
The earlier acquisition of 1994 which was dealt with in Pran Sukh3 was with regard to four villages, including Manesar, Naharpur Kasan and Kasan.
Thus the intention of the appellants to open a medical store within the hospital campus is to salvage the difficulties of the patients admitted in the hospital and this object of the appellants has direct nexus with the Public Interest particularly that of the patients and, therefore, the High Court should not have interfered with the decision of the State Government to settle the holding of a medical store in the Hospital premises.
Thus the intention of the appellants to open a medical store within the hospital campus is to salvage the difficulties of the patients admitted in the hospital and this object of the appellants has direct nexus with the Public Interest particularly that of the patients and, therefore, the High Court should not have interfered with the decision of the State Government to settle the holding of a medical store in the Hospital premises.
Thus, it is apparent that the seals have been found intact and there is positive evidence of the custody of the appellants.
Victim oriented policies are introduced giving better role to the victims of crime in criminal trials.
Union deserves to be considered by this Court.
In view of the order of this Forum, the ECGC has to pay the value of Euro when he is paying the amount.
We have given a thought to the respective pleas of the parties.
These inequities arise because the candidates secure admission, with or without active connivance, by the manipulation and arbitrary handling of the prescribed schedules, at the cost of more meritorious candidates.
The argument of the appellants really comes to this: suppress the turnover, evade the sales-tax, dissolve the firm and earn your freedom from taxation.
Working conditions pertains to the workers' job environment, such as hours of work, safety, paid holidays and vacations, rest periods, free clothing or uniforms, possibilities of advancement, etc.
In this approach, a criminal is viewed as a sick person, requiring treatment.
It is further submitted on behalf of the original Writ Petitioners that, even otherwise, there is a clear hierarchy of posts in the three Forces which have sufficient cadre strength with promotional avenues and, therefore, they meet all the necessary requisites of an Organized Service, including the 4 th attribute by filling all vacancies in Senior Administrative Grade (SAG) post on which they have right to hold.
Purpose Purchase of two / four wheeler vehicles (not requiring heavy duty license).
If it appears to be the settled intention of the legislature to convey the sense of compulsion, as where an obligation is created, the use of the word 'may' will not prevent the court from giving it the effect of Compulsion or obligation.
Upon consideration of oral and documentary evidence, the first appellate court and the High Court recorded concurrent findings of fact that the suit shop is required bona fide for the son of the landlord for the purpose of doing business and that the respondent – landlord has no other reasonably suitable non-residential accommodation for the business of his son.
They may be due to a large variety of conditions.
MERCOSUR is a trading bloc in Latin America formed in 1991 and comprising Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay.
The burden of giving already awarded compensation was put on the insurance company and this Court has held that insurance company was not liable to pay compensation.
The Concise Oxford dictionary defines: Intersect means, Divide by passing or lying across it; cross or cut each other.
In 2011, the number of juvenile delinquents was 129,456 out of a population of 250 million.
At the end of the day, Court time lost is a direct loss to the nation.  2.14 The Court’s observations are instructive because they reveal a deep malaise within the conduct of litigation in the civil justice system, where parties control the pace and intensity of litigation and the frequency of adjournments.
In this manner, according to the petitioners, the respondents have violated the orders of this Court and it is the majesty of the Court which is at stake.
Again the defence raised on behalf of the accused that there could not have been the intention to commit the murder of the deceased is justified by the fact that the accused Buddhu Singh did not repeat the assault.
For example, while it is known that the number of Section 302, IPC cases instituted and pending before the Sessions Courts of Delhi, it is not clear how many witnesses are required to be deposed in each case.
In the early years of independent India, our policy and support for the Palestinian cause was consolidated under the leadership of our first Prime Minister, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru.
Prior to the 73rd and 74th amendments, the Constitution contemplated elections to be held to offices of the President and the Vice President under Articles 54 and 66 respectively.
Darjeeling tea is the finest tea in the world.
It may be through urgent appeals, country visits, and reporting.
The High Court upheld the reasoning of the Additional District Judge.
The prejudice that the Nyaya Panchayats composed of elected representa- tives suffered at the hands of the elite and the superior courts cannot be wished away.
I think clause (4) is bad for the reasons which I have already summarised.
However, when her advocate had gone to attend other case, her parents entered into the Chamber and threatened her to keep quite.
That will be putting too great an impediment to the power of taxation vested in the States and reduce the States' limited sovereignty under the Constitution to a mere fiction.
This provides a perfect environment for anaerobic bacteria to grow.
As such, it is quite clear that the appellant is covered by the definition of clearing and forwarding agent, as interpreted by the Tribunal in the above referred case of Prabhat Zarda.
As such, it is quite clear that the appellant is covered by the definition of clearing and forwarding agent, as interpreted by the Tribunal in the above referred case of Prabhat Zarda.
Aali is near to Delhi and main Mathura Road.
Surjit Singh had lost the vision in the eyes permanently.
As we are clearly of opinion that the appellant's contention must fail on this last ground, we consider it unnecessary to pronounce on the other points raised by the Attorney General especially as the issues involved are not purely legal but partake also of a political character, and we have not had the views of the Governments concerned on those points.‖ ―The real question is whether in cases like those now before their Lordships the action of the tribunals in Kathiawar, and of the Governor in Council on appeal from those tribunals, is properly to be regarded as judicial or as political.
AND CIVIL APPEAL NO.(s).
Application under Section 16 of the Railway Claims Tribunal Act. 1987 in respect of claims for compensation for loss, destruction, damage, deterioration or non - delivery of animals or goods.
Those who were in charge of Railway Administration in the concerned Divisions ought to have taken sufficient precaution.
It was also urged that there was a core group of 20 common accused in all the prosecutions i.e. nine politicians and eleven senior administrative officers who allegedly hatched the main conspiracy to siphon off the funds from treasuries earmarked for Animal Husbandry Department of erstwhile State of Bihar.
There is hardly any value addition at the farm level - and 98 per cent of farm produce is sold as it is harvested.
Hence, it will be indeed a rare case where the High Court can hold that a writ petition against any order of inferior court or tribunal is not maintainable.
Hence, it will be indeed a rare case where the High Court can hold that a writ petition against any order of inferior court or tribunal is not maintainable.
It is further submitted that the perusal of the Court proceedings reveal the dates on which, the prosecution witness were present and the outcome on that date : 30.06.2007 Prosecution witnesses Joy C. Aryakara and Pushpkala present in Court, however, since the matter was fixed for 02.07.2007, they were asked to come again on that date.
Merely because a woman is of easy virtue, her evidence cannot be discarded on that ground alone rather it is to be cautiously appreciated.
The working of a democratic institution is impacted by the statesmanship (or the lack of it) shown by those in whom the electorate vests the trust to govern.
The message of the Governor, required the proceedings to be video-graphed.
The responsiveness of institutions is determined in a large measure by their ability to be receptive to differences and perceptive to the need for constant engagement and dialogue.
Both the petitioners were convicted for an offence under , read with IPC and were sentenced to death.
We have, therefore, no hesitation in affirming the said findings.
It is manifest that in such cases, although the order passed by the trial Judge is purely discretionary and interlocutory, it causes gross injustice to the defendant who is deprived of a valuable right of defence to the suit.
This Court has consistently held that no latitude can be given in the matter of corruption.
The High Court while reversing its earlier decisions, upholding the grant of such weightage declared the rule to be unconstitutional.
They have submitted their reasons on the basis of which they are seeking the declaration to the effect these provisions are unconstitutional.
It is the PW-4 who has come as a shield to protect the appellants.
The petition was rejected.
The petition was rejected.
Since the first Appellate Court reversed the judgment of the trial court, in the second appeal, the High Court ought to have weighed and considered the evidence and materials.
Since the first Appellate Court reversed the judgment of the trial court, in the second appeal, the High Court ought to have weighed and considered the evidence and materials.
The capital required by the organisation is supplied wholly by the owner himself and he depends largely on his own savings and profits of his business.
The technical qualifications, the educational qualifications, age and experience etc shall be fulfilled as on the date of the first notification i.e., 6/8.6.2006 alone.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee inaugurated the Platinum Jubilee Celebrations of College of Engineering Trivandrum today (July 18, 2014).
Even an incorrect statement which may not be on a material fact and suppression of fact which may not be on a material point, would be enough for the insurer company to avoid the contract of policy under this part.
From the High Court's judgment and award passed by the Tribunal it is clear that the claimant placed evidence to suggest that the cost of prosthesis was Rs.75,000/- .
The district and state forums allowed the claim of the complainant for accidental benefit.
On behalf of ……….. (name of the institution), I hereby undertake to ensure smooth conduct of the event, proper use of Government funds and submission of utilization certificate and audited statement of accounts, as indicated at para 15 above, within prescribed time limits.
The Police force in the country is entrusted with the responsibility of maintenance of public order and prevention and detection of crimes.
It is famous for its towering snow clad mountains, bubbling streams, transparent and sparkling lakes, flower meadows, colourful orchards and rare fauna.
The parties shall bear their own cost.
More importantly, he would say that he has not stated to the police that the deceased had told him that the lamp has fallen and due to which she burnt.
The law relating to mines and minerals development and regulation as also the interpretation of the provisions of the 1957 Act has been the subject matter of a long line of decisions of this Court.
The Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette and subject to the condition of previous publication, make rules for carrying out the purposes of this Act.
For this, Pre-school Centres shall be 55 established in all government and aided schools in a phased manner within three years from the date of notification of the Rules.
This principle is well illustrated in Radhamadhub Holder vs. Monohar 15 I.A. 97 where the facts were almost similar to those in the instant case.
While public investment in agriculture may not have kept pace with the requirements of the sector, food and fertilizer subsidies have supported the agriculture sector.
The said case is pending before the Debt Recovery Tribunal, Ahmedabad.
The Judge cannot act like a phonographic recorder but he must act as an interpreter of the social context articulated in the legal text.
He stated that this Induction Course would give them an opportunity to share experiences and administrative practices in different states and help them adopt the best practices.
The claims pertained to a period prior to the assailed transfer of the demised land from the Trust to the Transferees.
It is also relevant to mention here that PW-7 Darbara Singh Guru (respondent-Election Petitioner) in his cross-examination admits that he did not raise any objection at the time when nomination papers were filed by the appellant.
Abhinav Chandrachud, The Informal Constitution : Unwritten Criteria in Selecting Judges for the Supreme Court of India, (Oxford University Press, United Kingdom 2014) See Pages 113 to 120 [153] From 1978, Governments at the State level and the Union level ceased to be necessarily of the same political party.
The aforesaid material, was one of the leads, which the police had adopted in identifying the accused-appellant.
The advertisement that there are 15 vacancies to be filled does not also give him a right to be appointed.
In the reply affidavit, it has been stated that the Commission has not disclosed the actual marks secured by the last selected candidate in terms of the first selection in various categories.
Merely on the ground that the cadre of Internal Auditors are placed in Group XII along with the Head Clerks, cannot be a ground for seeking parity of pay scale.
Merely on the ground that the cadre of Internal Auditors are placed in Group XII along with the Head Clerks, cannot be a ground for seeking parity of pay scale.
The phrase “in some other form  takes its colour from the preceding words namely, “transfer of property in goods  and “whether as goods .
For the perennial crop of sugarcane, 7½ ft. of Delta was permitted.
A capacity that Shri Bhatt acquired and demonstrated through practice.
Two officers then performed a warrantless perimeter search of the property and observed that the basement windows were covered with something opaque and a that a vent had been blocked using a plastic bag.
It was also contended, that the manner of appointment of Judges, contemplated through the NJAC, could not be perceived as violative of the “basic structure  of the Constitution, by the mere fact, that any two Members of the NJAC can veto a proposal of appointment of a Judge to the higher judiciary.
Not Verified Digitally signed by CHETAN KUMAR Date: 2018.05.02 12:27:11 IST Dhenkanal, Odisha.
Of the rest, 14928 were dealt departmentally.
Of the rest, 14928 were dealt departmentally.
It is also not clear why no vigil was kept after 31st night of January, 1993.
And also houses a host of valuable articles like the dagger of Tipu Sultan, a cannon used in the battle of Plassey, rare books that date back to 1870, valuable manuscripts like the Ain - i - Akbari by Abul Fazal, rare postage stamps and Western paintings to entice the visitors to this awesome monument.
AIR’s home service comprises 277 stations today located across the country, reaching nearly 92% of the country’s area and 99. 19% of the total population. AIR originates programming in 23 languages and 146 dialects.
The respondent had also filed a large number of cases in criminal courts which were settled by the officers of the CBI out of the court and in view thereof the cases were withdrawn.
The respondents, on the other hand, would contend that the Court should be loath in interfering with the concurrent findings of fact on material issues recorded by the two Courts against the appellant/plaintiff.
One cannot express condolences for a Monk who is detached with the materialistic world, so I am offering profound respect to this noble soul.
Rule 25 of the Karnataka Rules, 1983 provide for an appeal.
True, our Constitution has no “due process  clause or the Eighth Amendment; but, in this branch of law, after , (1970) 1 SCC 248] and , (1978) 1 SCC 248] , the consequence is the same.
However, it is vital to ensure that form of an advance medical directive reflects the needs of its author and is sufficiently authoritative and practical to enable its provisions to be upheld.
Consult an eye doctor as soon as possible.
The evidence against the appellant (A-21) remains the recovery of the aforesaid arms and ammunition.
In the instant case, the accused had by his acts and by his continuous course of conduct created such a situation as a consequence of which the deceased was left with no other option except to commit suicide.
They are the mainstay of agrarian economies in many States and Union Territories (UTs) of the country.
The chain of circumstances is not complete.
It is further contended that if “sale agreement  is taken to be the legal test as to the applicability of the Act then the same would also be inconsistent with the decision of this Court in Modern Industries (supra), wherein after consideration of the Aims and Objects of the Act, it was held that interest is payable on “outstanding money  due from the buyer in case of default.
Thereafter, the APPSC selected 973 candidates for executive posts on the basis of written plus oral test and prepared common merit list by including 104 candidates who were already appointed against executive posts.
Thereafter, the APPSC selected 973 candidates for executive posts on the basis of written plus oral test and prepared common merit list by including 104 candidates who were already appointed against executive posts.
PW1 has specifically deposed that around 20 people were present at the time of incident and more people came there when the scuffle grew.
PW1 has specifically deposed that around 20 people were present at the time of incident and more people came there when the scuffle grew.
The next round of negotiations in 1996 led to a comprehensive agreement on international trade in services.
Again A-3 requested PW-10 to arrange a Maruti Van, but he expressed his inability to provide Maruti Van.
Also, the termination clause is of great significance because it shows that in the event of the JDA being terminated, whatever parcels of land have already been conveyed, will stand conveyed, but that no other conveyances of the remaining land would take place.
Even a perusal of the nominee form exhibits the ambiguity regarding the date of birth and date of joining.
The Rule being subordinate legislation could not militate against the substantive statutory provision.
He claims to have accompanied the appellant from the video show till the place of occurrence.
While, in the former case, will be put wholly out of operation, in the latter, effect can be given to both that provision and We must accordingly hold that must be read subject to (b).
In England, adultery has always been a civil wrong, and not a penal offence.
But, they cannot be varied to the disadvantage of the Judge[125] after the appointment.
I concluded my visit to Mauritius with a civic reception hosted by people of Grand Bois.
Similarly this right does not extend to the right of worship at any and every place of worship so that any hindrance to worship at a particular place per se may infringe the religious freedom guaranteed under Articles 25 and 26 of the Constitution.
Similarly this right does not extend to the right of worship at any and every place of worship so that any hindrance to worship at a particular place per se may infringe the religious freedom guaranteed under Articles 25 and 26 of the Constitution.
Similarly this right does not extend to the right of worship at any and every place of worship so that any hindrance to worship at a particular place per se may infringe the religious freedom guaranteed under Articles 25 and 26 of the Constitution.
To manage the diverse, cross - cultural workforce to build an employee friendly organisational culture.
The legislative mandate engrafted in sub-section (1) of debarring a court from taking cognizance of an offence except with a previous sanction of the Government concerned in a case where the acts complained of are alleged to have been committed by a public servant in discharge of his official duty or purporting to be in the discharge of his official duty and such public servant is not removable from his office save by or with the sanction of the Government touches the jurisdiction of the court itself.
It is also not in dispute that the above extracted status reports were part of record of proceedings in W.P.
Declining the State Government’s recommendation, the Central Government vide order dated 26.07.2000 rejected the appellant’s claim on the ground that the statutory mandate of serving minimum six months in detention was not fulfilled in the case of the deceased.
Two Judge Bench expressed its doubt regarding the correctness of tests laid down by Bhagatram Rajeevkumar and Bihar Chamber of Commerce to find out whether the tax is compensatory or not.
She saw her son being beaten up by the accused and at that time her son was in an unconscious state.
She saw her son being beaten up by the accused and at that time her son was in an unconscious state.
Hence, he can be said to be an aggrieved person to challenge the High Court decision; and if that challenge succeeds, all the consequential steps taken by the Competent Authority on the basis of such decision must stand effaced as non-est.
The Court noticed that the maxim “falsus in uno, falsus in omnibus  is not applicable.
The National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS), which has emerged as the largest Open Schooling system in the world, has a pivotal role to play in the promotion and development of Open Schooling in the country.
He stated that he knew A-116 as the police officer who used to requisite their office Jeep for the work of bandobast.
The second exclusion, i.e., it is granted in view of professional qualifications also indicate that the special pay is only taking into consideration the personal qualifications of a person.
In the ultimate analysis, Civil Appeal No. 2453 of 2007 filed by the State of Karnataka is partly allowed and all others Appeals stand disposed of accordingly.
In contrast, negligence in the present sense arises where someone either fails to consider a risk of particular action, or having considered it, fails to give the risk appropriate weight.
In contrast, negligence in the present sense arises where someone either fails to consider a risk of particular action, or having considered it, fails to give the risk appropriate weight.
The trial Court, after hearing the suit at length, dismissed the same, vide judgment dated 28.09.2004 while holding, inter alia, that the plaint is the creature of the Defendant No. 1 and the plaintiffs, who being the puppets in the hands of Defendant No. 1, are not entitled to any partition.
It cannot be over emphasized that when it comes to democracy, liberty of thought and expression is a cardinal value that is of paramount significance under our constitutional scheme.
The claim of the respondent is still to be proved in the course of the winding up proceedings.
It is well - linked to almost all the Southern States of India.
It would be almost inhuman to deny proper treatment to the poor owing to economic condition and when hospitals claim that they are doing charity at their own level, we find impugned order dated 2.2.2012 is simply an expression to the aforesaid activity which has been given a channelized form.
The defense taken has not been substantiated by the contemnor.
The defense taken has not been substantiated by the contemnor.
He first apprehended three out of the four accused namely, Sagun Murmu, Sambhu Soren, Ranjit Murmu.
According to the prosecution, after admitting PW-19 at Sattenapally Government Hospital, PW-1 to PW-16, the two deceased and others were returning to Tondepi village.
Provided further that the tax may be levied on graduated scale, if the Council so determines.
Now, under the amended provisions, all questions, including right, title, interests in the property arising between the parties to the proceedings under Rule 97, have to be adjudicated by the executing court itself and not left to be decided by way of a fresh suit.
Moreover, the State is well known for its success in dairy cooperatives.
It is also further observed that even if the variation, as directed under Section 39 of the MRTP Act does not take place, the land cannot be put to use, in any way, in contradiction with the provisions of DP Plan.
It is also further observed that even if the variation, as directed under Section 39 of the MRTP Act does not take place, the land cannot be put to use, in any way, in contradiction with the provisions of DP Plan.
We celebrated the strength and depth of our democratic system based on the Constitution and introspected about the obstacles confronting democratic governance.
Challenging the said order, Venture filed appeal before the High Court.
That question is no more res integra.
First and foremost, a delay of even one day would straightaway, without more, attract a penalty of an equivalent amount of duty, which may be in crores of rupees.
Nothing was produced to substantiate the contention that they were not in charge of and not responsible for the conduct of the business of the company at the relevant time.
Nothing was produced to substantiate the contention that they were not in charge of and not responsible for the conduct of the business of the company at the relevant time.
It is also stated in the mortgage deed that, on payment of the principal, this mortgage deed will be redeemed, and if the principal and interest are not repaid, then it was agreed ‘to realize it charged upon the security property and on me’, meaning the mortgagor.
The act was committed in connivance and collusion of six who were on a notorious spree running a bus, showcasing as a public transport, with the intent of attracting passengers and committing crime with them.
The act was committed in connivance and collusion of six who were on a notorious spree running a bus, showcasing as a public transport, with the intent of attracting passengers and committing crime with them.
If at all, there is a reference to the same by the petitioner in the chain of submissions on the central issue which pertains to post- auction permission to provide voice services on BWA spectrum.
Enough photographs are there to show that in many of the earlier matches I played, white colour towel had been used by me.
It may reveal certain new uses for the existing products.
It is for the LG and the Council of Ministers to formulate an appropriate procedure for smooth running of the administration decisions can very well be implemented by the GNCTD immediately after the decisions are communicated to LG and are “seen  by the LG.
However, the conviction and sentences under / and / of the Arms Act are maintained.
Suffice it to state that which deals with directions for grant of bail to persons apprehending arrest does not mandate either the presence of the applicant in Court or for his being in custody.
In the present case, the only eligibility criteria prescribed by is that the complaint must be by the payee or the holder in due course.
The State Government by its recommendation having forwarded the tabulated chart showing inter se merit of each applicant, it was not for the High Court to sit in appeal to decide who amongst all is more meritorious and is entitled for preferential right.
I am happy to say that as President of India voted to office at the time of the previous Government, I had the satisfaction of presiding over a very smooth transition - from one democratically elected Government to another.
The rule of promissory estoppel can be invoked only if on the basis of representation made by the Government, the party has substantially altered the position.
The petitioner is aged 66 years.
This cross fertilization of minds and intellect is very important.
Nor did the ryotwari settlement have the effect of transferring and vesting the ownership either of the land or the subsoil (minerals) to the State.
Nor did the ryotwari settlement have the effect of transferring and vesting the ownership either of the land or the subsoil (minerals) to the State.
In fact, they did admit their relationship.
This amount is wholly inadequate.
Per contra, provisions of would reveal that termination under this Article can be made only if there is non-compliance with any of the conditions in The power is available to both procurer and seller.
Although the Will was irrevocable after the death of survivor but the Will expressly granted absolute right to survivor.
Government Advocate, has entered appearance on behalf of all the respondents.
Additionally, reliance was also placed on the Statement of Objects and Reasons to submit that certain expressions like “Corporation  appearing in ought to be construed to confine to Corporations in public sector and the PMP Act ought not to be invoked in favour of a company in private sector.
According to the High Court, it is mandatory.
We have already noticed the pronouncement of this Court that for regulatory fee, State is not to prove any quid pro quo.
In the present case also, the one member tribunal will continue to exercise jurisdiction till the time the State constitutes three members tribunal by notification in the Official Gazette.
The Secretary to the Government of India in the Department of Justice is the convenor of the NJAC in terms of Section 8(3) of the NJAC Act.
However, it is also settled that a subsequent trial or a prosecution and punishment has no bar if the ingredients of the two offence are distinct.
The payment for life insurance is certain but the event for which insurance is taken is not very certain.
The Appellant – Authority was further directed to calculate, and disburse subsistence allowance to the Respondent from 22.05.2003 onwards, and continue to disburse the same till conclusion of the disciplinary proceedings against him.
The Trial Court found that some basic facts were nevertheless brought on record.
The ancient prerogative writ of habeas corpus takes its name from the two mandatory words “habeas  and “corpus .
The words “initiation of action for recruitment , and the words “initiation of recruitment process , were explained to mean, the date of sending the requisition to the recruiting authority.
Tiruchanoor is designated an Inam village.
The opinion of other independent and reputed experts in the field of Economics, Finance and Management is also taken through an institutional mechanism approved by the DOPT.
Therefore, considering the facts and circumstances of this case, it is our considered opinion that the High Court has not erred in setting aside the sentence of death of the Respondent and commuting the same into life imprisonment.
It is this mindset of the other class which is still preventing, in a great measure, differently abled persons from enjoying their human rights which are otherwise recognised in their favour.
We presume for the purpose of this appeal that the content of the appellant’s complaint does disclose the facts necessary to establish the commission of one or all of the offences mentioned above.
Therefore, the contention of the petitioners that on this ground alone, the acquisition proceedings, which are illegal, are liable to be set aside merits consideration.
Almost all the States in the country grow one or more spices.
The Himalayas comprise three almost parallel ranges interspersed with large plateaus and valleys, some of which, like the Kashmir and Kullu valleys, are fertile, extensive and of great scenic beauty.
False testimony is undesirable since it impedes the integrity of the trial and the subsequent verdict.
The fundamental purpose of imposition of sentence is based on the principle that the accused must realise that the crime committed by him has not only created a dent in his life but also a concavity in the social fabric.
The fundamental purpose of imposition of sentence is based on the principle that the accused must realise that the crime committed by him has not only created a dent in his life but also a concavity in the social fabric.
The said advertisement specifically referred to Recruitment Rules 2006 although the qualification or eligibility criteria was not specifically mentioned.
While saying so, we gain strength and support from the fact that the legislature, in its wisdom, while enacting IPC in its amended form after the , 2013, has not employed the words ―subject to any other provision of the ‖.
It has excellent all weather road links.
During the pendency of the writ petition, several affidavits were filed by the Union of India and by the respondent States.
India intends to enhance the cooperation between India and Myanmar.
The Trial Court decreed the suit and the First Appellate Court reversed the findings of the Trial Court.
For my part, I would like to examine the question in greater detail before answering the question.
For the purpose of passing the order of disqualification under against Chaudhary, the Registrar rightly proceeded on the basis that there is an earlier order of the Registrar dated 10.3.2013 where charges against Chaudhary had been held proved and the High Court declined to interfere with those findings.
The Government has undertaken several infrastructure projects to attract investment and promote overall development of the State.
In spite of so much advancement in the field of forensic science, the investigating agency seriously erred in carrying out an effective investigation to genuinely determine the culpability of the accused-respondent Kishanbhai.
The exercise which, therefore, to be taken is to find out as to whether the limitation of constitutional rights is for a purpose that is reasonable and necessary in a democratic society and such an exercise involves the weighing up of competitive values, and ultimately an assessment based on proportionality i.e. balancing of different interests.
A criminal trial is not exactly a pleasant experience.
The Trust claims to have built upon the property and to be in occupation without interruption for forty-five years.
It covers a total area of 3, 702 square kilometers and comprises two Revenue districts, namely, North Goa and South Goa.
The creation of the condition of the patient is outside the volition of the doctor and has come about without a covert or overt act by the doctor.
These credits were logos of the event sponsors which were appearing on the screen as per the agreement between the event sponsors and the event organizers.
We make it clear that any observations made by us are only for the purpose of this order and shall not have any bearing on the consideration by the learned Single Judge in the contempt proceedings.
Modi Alkalies and Chemicals Ltd. in Alwar, Rajasthan.
One example is Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorized Occupants) Act 1971.
One example is Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorized Occupants) Act 1971.
In other respects, the procedure for short notice questions shall be the same as for ordinary questions for oral answers, with such modifications as the Chairman may consider necessary or convenient.
The petitioner is said to be a non-registered Committee of registered trade unions concerned with the rights of workers in the unorganized sector including construction workers, especially in areas of safety, occupational health and welfare measures.
A writ proceeding is a wholly different and distinct proceeding.
The proceedings recorded by this Court on 18.3.2015 reveal, that Mr. Santosh Paul, (in Writ Petition (C) No.70 of 2015) was heard again on 18.3.2015, whereupon, Mr. Mukul Rohatgi and Mr. Ranjit Kumar, Solicitor General of India, also made their submissions.
If a suit by minor is instituted without the next friend, the plaint would be taken off the file as per Rule 2 of Order XXXII of the Code.
In this behalf it was sought to be emphasized, that all the executive power in the instant process of acquisition, was exercised by the Government of Rajasthan.
It was therefore, the contention of the learned counsel for the petitioner, that the petitioner was of the firm belief, that in view of our pre-disposition, legitimate verification of the documents furnished by the two companies to the SEBI, cannot be expected.
On the other hand, the letter on which the appellant is relying upon does not match with the one obtained through the Labour Commissioner’s Office.
Dr. L.K. Barua, who was examined as PW-13 has conducted the post mortem on the dead body of Kailash and submitted the report vide (Ex.PH).
Desai, Chief Justice of Bombay High Court and Justice O. Chinnappa Reddi, a Jurist who was also former Judge of the Supreme Court, to investigate into the grounds on which the removal was prayed for.
In view of law as laid down above, the judgment of Allahabad High Court in Ram Sabodh(Supra) cannot help the appellant.
Availability of this type of finance is connected with the volume of business.
Heard Mr. C.V. Mohan Reddy, learned Senior Counsel appearing for the petitioner, Mr. S. Sri Ram, learned Standing Counsel appearing for the respondents 1 and 2 and Mr. P. Kiran, learned counsel appearing for the 7th respondent.
He was one of the foremost architects of Modern India and also one of the important leaders of the Indian National Movement.
All that the appellant is seeking is to be given, is the quantity of cement, which he brought from other sources or the monetary equivalent.
All that the appellant is seeking is to be given, is the quantity of cement, which he brought from other sources or the monetary equivalent.
The “basic structure  of the Constitution will stand violated if while enacting legislation pertaining to transfer of judicial power, Parliament does not ensure that the newly created court/tribunal conforms with the salient characteristics and standards of the court sought to be substituted.  Learned counsel then asserted, that the “basic structure  of the Constitution would stand violated if, in amending the Constitution and/or enacting legislation, Parliament does not ensure, that the body newly created, conformed with the salient characteristics and the standards of the body sought to be substituted.
The above narration leads to the inference that the prosecutrix was a consenting party.
This includes lands exclusively occupied and used for public worship or by a society or body for a charitable purpose.
Every such investigation or proceeding as aforesaid shall be deemed to be a judicial proceeding within the meaning of sections 193 and 228 of, 1860 (45of 1860).
Thus, on the authorities what emerges is that once a winding-up proceeding has commenced and the Liquidator is put in charge of the assets of the company being wound up, the distribution of the proceeds of the sale of the assets held at the instance of the financial institutions coming under the or of financial corporations coming under the , can only be with the association of the Official Liquidator and under the supervision of the Company Court.
Each Award consists of one mounted gold coin, one shawl, Certificate and a Tamrapatra.
Further, the prosecution failed to examine the person on whose name the cell phone was purchased to show that it originally belongs to PW-8 to prove the theory of PW-8 that he had purchased and given it to the deceased John-Bosco.
In these circumstances, the High Court was justified in holding that the penalty of removal cannot be held to be shockingly disproportionate to the charge on established judicial parameters.
In these circumstances, the High Court was justified in holding that the penalty of removal cannot be held to be shockingly disproportionate to the charge on established judicial parameters.
The Commission by its judgment dated 31.08.2010 allowed the petition of the procurer, holding that the termination of the PPA was illegal and directed the appellant herein to supply the power to the procurer at the rate determined in the PPA.
Expert medical opinion to be obtained by medical practitioner for purposes of section 5: (1) No decision to withhold or withdraw medical treatment in respect of patients referred to in section 5 shall be taken by any 426 medical practitioner unless such medical practitioner has consulted and obtained the opmion in writing of three medical practitioners selected by him from the panel of medical experts referred fo in section 7, who are experts m relation to the iliness of the paticnt anc uuess (he majorly opimion of the experts is in favour of withholding or withdrawing the medical treatment.
It is contended that the High Court on wrong premise has allowed the Writ Petitions.
Laxmibai and her son-in-law, Mohan Lal, by which agreement, the said operation was to be performed.
In terms of the Master Circular (2016-17) the first tranche of the “agreed to  Labour Budget is required to be released in April 2016 (for the period ending in September).
The prosecutrix in her statement alleged that on 23.3.10 at Dukh Niwaran Temple, she was ganged rape by the accused persons namely Mahender and Vinay Mishra.
It implies that there must be a country whose job it is to administer, control or decide what control there is to be over an arbitration.
The Regulations contain several regulatory provisions which need to be followed while working a mine by the owner or his agent.
The early gains of implementation are in the areas of tracking customer - receivables, monitoring credit - management, inventory management, besides easing the operations in a large number of areas.
There was, therefore, a clear error of jurisdiction on the part of both the Tribunals in interfering with the grant of the permit to the appellant.
There was, therefore, a clear error of jurisdiction on the part of both the Tribunals in interfering with the grant of the permit to the appellant.
Mr. Chidambaram argued that Entry 41 has two components, namely, State public service and State Public Service Commission.
It is our evolving and developing jurisprudence that has made this possible.
It was alleged that the plaintiff did not pay the balance consideration as alleged.
The person who informed PW-4 that the vehicle was set on fire was not produced by the prosecution.
However, having regard to the aforesaid discussion, it may not be necessary to delve into this aspect in much greater details.
Steps to be taken at every stage for implementation of law are extremely important.
Constitutionally protected rights embody the liberal belief that personal liberties of the individual are so sacrosanct that it is necessary to ensconce them in a PART O protective shell that places them beyond the pale of ordinary legislation.
One set of appeals pertains to the Tata Iron and Steel Company Limited (TISCO) and the other set pertains to Tata Steel.
One set of appeals pertains to the Tata Iron and Steel Company Limited (TISCO) and the other set pertains to Tata Steel.
This being the case, on the date of the birth of the appellant in 1977 the said ancestral property, not being joint family property, the suit for partition of such property would not be maintainable.
We find that the impugned Regulation is not referable to and (v) of the Act inasmuch as it has not been made to ensure compliance with the terms and conditions of the licence nor has it been made to lay down any standard of quality of service that needs compliance.
Both the sons predeceased their father Rajaiah.
Available at https://aic.gov.au/publications/tandi/tandi356 (Last Accessed: 29 July 2018) 33 difficult to establish any formal or informal tariff of compensation payable??.
The aforesaid authorities shall nominate a competent official in that regard who shall be the custodian of the said document.
28) Since the case is quite old, we request the High Court to expedite its hearing.
The answer to the second Question is that, except for providing the qualifications and minimum conditions of eligibility in the interest of academic standards, admission of students to unaided minority educational institutions cannot be regulated by the State or University concerned.
A feeble plea that the tax is bad because of the vice of double taxation and is unreasonable because there are heavy prior levies was also voiced.
A student who has been deprived of a valuable year in pursuing her studies, cannot be left in the lurch.
Rule 5 clearly empowers the State to fix the rate of fee and the rate of fee can be fixed on the basis of quantity/ volume of the Forest Produce.
The compensation awarded by the Tribunal for the loss of amenities was also meagre.
The Indian handicrafts industry has, over the years, contributed significantly to our nation’s foreign exchange earnings.
The learned Senior Advocates as well as other learned Advocates appearing in connected matters submitted: Cont..
In the course of the execution, the appellant filed objections on the ground that he was not concerned with the suit property and was not in possession and on the ground that the ex-parte decree was obtained by misrepresentation and fraud.
The State or a public body or an entity representing a collective cause should be given some acceptable latitude.
In view of the above facts, Shri Mishra admits all the charges levelled against him and accordingly requests closure of the proceedings.
In view of the above facts, Shri Mishra admits all the charges levelled against him and accordingly requests closure of the proceedings.
As pointed out to us by the learned counsel for the State, the signature appears to be that of PW 7, having referred to what is written by way of signature in terms of the similarity to the name.
Those in favour of induction of a legally trained mind suggested the induction of a Munsif-Magistrate/Civil Judge (Jr. Division)/Judicial Magistrate First Class.
The applicant shall produce from the Abkari Workers’ Welfare Fund Inspector, a Certificate to the effect that he has remitted before the date of application for license/renewal of license, the arrears of contributions if any payable up to the 31st day of December of the preceding year.
Similarly, when estimating costs, you need to be as conservative as possible.
At 644 million ton, we are the world’s third largest producer of coal.
The court has got a duty and obligation to elicit relevant facts even if the accused has kept totally silent in such situations.
One of the possible reasons for this could be that the Constitution framers were of the opinion that ultimately what is important is the opinion of judges and not necessarily of others.
It was submitted that when the respondent-plaintiff assailed the document as vitiated by fraud and undue influence, burden lay upon respondent No.1 to establish coercion and undue influence.
Specific attention for development of traditional flowers.
A religious denomination or section thereof is to be determined on the basis of persons having a common faith, a common organization, and designated by a distinct name as a denomination or section thereof.
It is necessary, given the role Members of Parliament must perform.
From the record, it appears that for making the selection to the post of Army Commanders, an exercise was undertaken by the Chief of Army Staff by short listing seven Lt. Generals who fulfil the eligibility criteria.
Illustration for sub-section (a): A person, ‘P’ gives a public servant, ‘R’ Rs. 10,000 to ensure that he is granted a license, over all the other bidders.
That is why this Court has devised and consistently followed that taxation statutes, which almost always work to the pecuniary detriment of the assessee, must be interpreted in favour of the assessee.
On 28.06.1996, the validity of the I. O. D. and the commencement certificate of 1966 were extended till 19.06.1997 and the suit was amended to challenge the same.
Admittedly neither side could establish title.
This determination, however, is not final because two appeals are provided.
On enquiry, it was found that she was in possession.
While the prime event of attack and the weapon are observed by a person, other minute details of number of blows, the distance from which the fire was shot might go unnoticed.
While the prime event of attack and the weapon are observed by a person, other minute details of number of blows, the distance from which the fire was shot might go unnoticed.
He further expressed the view that a Government Pleader is not entitled to appear against the State Government but an Assistant Government Pleader, can appear, against the State Government in a case.
11. Review is not appeal in disguise.
Let us celebrate this festival by reaffirming our faith in all that is good, noble and virtuous and instilling in ourselves pride in the composite culture of India.
It is for the Government to consider the efficacy.
For Standards I and II, only 78.3% of students surveyed could recognise letters and read words or more in their own language.
Constitutional offices commencing from the office of the President of India are meant for and established for securing the goals adumbrated in the preamble to the Constitution.
Interviews with local villagers in the vicinity of the mines confirmed that water shortage was already a serious problem in the region.
The facts being identical to Criminal Appeal arising out of S.L.P.(Crl.)No.2077 of 2009, these Appeals stand dismissed.
In other words, in several instances, the law laid down in Section 19 of the MWP Act is being complied with only in letter and certainly not in spirit.
The nature and scope of a criminal case are very different from those of a departmental disciplinary proceeding and an order of acquittal, therefore, cannot conclude the departmental proceeding.
Clause 24 provided that in the event of any dispute arising between the parties in connection with the contract, the same shall be decided by means of Arbitration.
Thereafter, spot verification was undertaken and photographs were taken which show that there was no construction on the lands in question.
A writ of mandamus is issued against a person who has a legal duty to perform but has failed and/or neglected to do so.
He along with 3 or 4 persons chased Amarpal and caught him at some distance.
Multiple irregular abrasions on the entire lateral aspect of the left lower leg.
There are two important corollaries.
In two similarly placed projects of the Border Road Organisation and DMRC this Hon’ble Court by orders dated 2nd November, 2012 and 21st October, 2013 respectively has granted permission from the non-forestry use of the lands falling in the “extended Ridge area .
Even so, the dismissal is only after the court has applied its mind and heard arguments which consume considerable time of the Judges.
Yes, this disease is fully curable if the treatment is taken on a regular and continuous basis for adequate duration.
In the course of the preliminary examination, the Commissioner may seek the response of the Judge.
The tentative view of the disciplinary authority, even when charge No.3 stood not proved; was to punish the appellant with the compulsory retirement.
In that case, the need for protection of right to take water, under the , and the necessity to uphold the constitutional mandate of abolishing untouchability and its practice in any form was emphasised.
A’ Ward, Gorakhpur and another[10] would be absolutely seemly.
From the above, it becomes apparent that the High Court had passed the order in a mechanical manner.
Having perused the judgments relied upon by learned counsel for the appellant, and keeping in mind the facts and circumstances of the case, we are of the view, that no benefit can be derived by the appellant on the legal position expressed by this Court, with reference to the plea of self- defence.
The Wage Boards have followed well-settled norms while making recommendations about variable pay.
The Wage Boards have followed well-settled norms while making recommendations about variable pay.
From the reasons recorded by the High Court, it appears that instead of considering the prima facie case, the High Court has appreciated and weighed the materials on record for coming to the conclusion that charge against the respondents could not have been framed.
From the reasons recorded by the High Court, it appears that instead of considering the prima facie case, the High Court has appreciated and weighed the materials on record for coming to the conclusion that charge against the respondents could not have been framed.
There is no necessity now of requiring the petitioner to agree to take over the liabilities of CANFINA prior to the arbitration proceedings because that itself would not be one of the points to be decided in the course of arbitration.
Such conditions merely regulate the exercise of right of appeal so that the same is not abused by a recalcitrant party, and there is no difficulty in the enforcement of the order appealed against in case the appeal is ultimately dismissed.
Three persons were injured in the blast on 12.03.1993 at 15:30 hrs.
No. 1 himself, in fact, his initial appointed was as a craft instructor; later he became the Inspector of Factories and thereafter he got promoted as Principal (Junior Scale) and thereafter got promoted as JCIF.
Where severance follows on the basis of a unilateral act by an employee, no acceptance of the request for severance is required.
The fact that the witness sustained injuries at the time and place of occurrence, lends support to his testimony that he was present during the occurrence.
The fact that the witness sustained injuries at the time and place of occurrence, lends support to his testimony that he was present during the occurrence.
The respondent was a Junior Engineer.
The aforesaid adverse entry which could have been taken into account while considering the case of the respondent for his compulsory retirement from service, was duly considered by the State Government and the said single adverse entry in itself was sufficient to compulsorily retire the respondent from service.
One fails to understand as to why a provision on the lines of Section 397(3) has not been made in Section 438 whereby once the applicant has availed his option to choose one of the two alternative forums, his recourse to the other forum is foreclosed, if he fails to get the desired relief from the forum he has earlier chosen.
On receipt of the aforesaid reply, respondents sent another communication dated 30.5.2013 calling upon the appellant to submit certain documents.
Since the matter could not be settled, Sukhwinder Singh lodged the complaint on 07.11.2007, based on which FIR No.178 of 2007 was registered under IPC read with IPC.
The amount of compensation payable under the aforementioned provisions is not to be altered or varied in any other proceedings.
A Domicile / Residence Certificate is generally issued to prove that the person bearing the Certificate is a Domicile / Resident of the State / UT by which the Certificate is being issued.
Other than from Reserve Bank, National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development and Export Import Bank of India.
Whereas with regard to various medical institutions like All India Institute of Medical Sciences and Sree Chitra Thirunal Institute for Medical Science and Technology, Thiruvananthapura, there are mention of various Ph.D. courses.
Even the reservation created for NRIs in Unni Krishnan's case (supra) case was declared to be ultra vires the Constitution of India.
The research schemes sponsored by the Department are generally 'applied' in nature, which, once completed, would enable them to be adopted by user agencies / departments in their work in the field.
So holding thus, the Division Bench declared that the proviso so far as it related to the aspect that no course should be conducted and run without the prior approval of the State, was ultra vires and beyond the Legislative competence of the State Legislature.
The germane question is whether it has marketability.
On a careful reading of the written note of submission of the learned counsel for the State of Gujarat, we find that the learned counsel have not appositely understood the ratio laid down in the aforesaid authorities.
To put it otherwise, when the duty during this period was to be paid on consignment basis, it was also incumbent to pay the same in cash only and utilisation of Cenvat Credit was also forfeited during this period.
After getting the said information, when the informant and others were returning from the house of the accused, they noticed blood stains in the street in front of the houses of Mohan and Mahender Singh.
After getting the said information, when the informant and others were returning from the house of the accused, they noticed blood stains in the street in front of the houses of Mohan and Mahender Singh.
Dismissed with liberty to petitioner to seek appropriate remedy for grant of allowance.
The Reserve Bank of India has today notified that Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) / Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs) can now invest up to 40 per cent of the paid up capital of M / s Somany Ceramics Limited under the Portfolio Investment Scheme (PIS).
The registered proprietor of layout - design has the exclusive right to use layout - design and to obtain relief in respect of the infringement.
She used to convey her woes to her brothers whenever she visited their house.
It dilated that Karnataka proceeded with the construction of Kabini reservoir from 1958 and completed the same in 1975 and the irrigation from the said reservoir commenced from 1975/1976 onwards.
PC (―upon a police report‖). of the Official Secrets Act requires instead a complaint to be presented by a public servant authorised by the appropriate Government to do so. , however, does not create or establish its own investigative machinery.
The total length of road in the State is 1, 88, 700 Km (as on 31st March 2007).
The route of the pipeline from Pechiprai reservoir to the power station should preferably be so selected that it does not affect forest areas.
The alleged recovery of articles 42 and 43 had not properly been sealed, therefore, there was a possibility of tampering with the contents of the suitcases.
The alleged recovery of articles 42 and 43 had not properly been sealed, therefore, there was a possibility of tampering with the contents of the suitcases.
This is the 45th Governors’ Conference and the second such Conference to be presided over by Shri Pranab Mukherjee.
The adverse impact of the low growth in agriculture has implications for 'the inclusiveness of growth'.
However, during the last few years, the Central Government has taken various steps to improve the enforcement of the Copyright Act to curb piracy.
A Bill is the draft of a legislative proposal brought before the House for its approval.
The Chairman may direct that a question be placed on the list of questions for answers, on a date later than that specified by a member in his notice, if he is of the opinion that a longer period is necessary to decide whether the question is or is not admissible.
The adjudication of the dispute arising out of a contract would, therefore, depend upon facts and circumstances in a given case.
On a perusal of the testimony of the said witness, it is evincible that in examination-in-chief, he has supported the prosecution story in entirety and in the cross-examination he has taken the path of prevarication. , (1976) 1 SCC 389, it has been laid down that even if a witness is characterized has a hostile witness, his evidence is not completely effaced.
ICT enablement of courts through the eCourts Project has facilitated availability of court and case data through the National Judicial Data Grid so that litigants and lawyers benefit from the availability of case information online.
By a 5:2 majority judgment, the said rule was upheld as a rule that could be justified on the basis that it became necessary as a means of generally giving a leg-up to backward classes.
It is, therefore, necessary to first examine the facts and the ratio of Dharappa's case.
There is a specific allegation that her mother-in-law (Appellant No. 2) and Sister-in-law used to tease her on the ground that her parents had not given gold chain and they used to fight on account of dowry.
Apart from the Recording Officers’ testimony as stated above that the confessions were recorded by them, there is nothing on the record even to lend semblance of support that the matters had been taken to logical culmination in a trial under TADA Act.
Further, there are some existing provisions in the Code of Civil Procedure like Order 6 Rule 16, Order 7 Rule 1, sec 35A etc. which deal with ‘frivolous’ litigation.
You are entrusted with the hopes and expectations of this nation.
No political considerations behind exercise of power.
If, however, the report is against the Judge then the motion should be taken up for consideration in the House or Houses in which it is pending.
Four laning of the road to Silvassa from Athal, Piparia and Masat is under progress.
Even if there is no such express provision, the nature of the charitable purpose, the manner in which the activity for advancing the charitable purpose is being carried on and the surrounding circumstances may clearly indicate that the activity is not propelled by a dominant profit motive.
The witness had been attending the office of the appellant (A-67) in connection with taking the persons abroad.
It is further submitted that A-16 had to get down from the car only because PW-11 did not permit the parking of the vehicle in front of the said Pump.
There were standing instructions to transfer company funds to the individual directors bank accounts when the balance was reaching to the specified set minimum balance limit.
Now, more than 10 years have passed and buyers were given the assurances that they would get flats within three years period by the promoter/builder.
In these circumstances, the preliminary submission which is raised by the learned senior counsel appearing for the State of Kerala was that when there is no prayer to quash the aforesaid G.O. dated January 30, 2017, it is not permissible for the petitioners to challenge the validity of this notification by way of oral arguments.
But finding direct evidence in this behalf is not an easy task and, therefore, the Court has to take recourse to other known methods for arriving at the market value of the land acquired.
A priori, an attempt at mercy-killing is not an attempt to suicide.
On the basis of this claim of co- ownership, there was nothing wrong in the order passed by the High Court granting limited relief to Respondent No.1 to erect the compound wall in the suit property.
The Court observed: 14. , (1996) 4 SCC 212, it has been observed that the normal rule of taking possession is drafting the panchnama in the presence of panchas.
Even incidental and cognate matters come within their purview.
Ac 3.238 Total Ac 20.808 decimals.
Ac 3.238 Total Ac 20.808 decimals.
In contrast to a statutory appeal, an appeal lodged upon grant of special leave pursuant to a provision of the Constitution would call for highly economic exercise of the power which though wide to strike at injustice wherever it occurs must display highly judicious application thereof.
In contrast to a statutory appeal, an appeal lodged upon grant of special leave pursuant to a provision of the Constitution would call for highly economic exercise of the power which though wide to strike at injustice wherever it occurs must display highly judicious application thereof.
Often times the courts hold that under-inclusion does not deny the equal protection of laws under In strict theory, this involves an abandonment of the principle that classification must include all who are similarly situated with respect to the purpose.
Per contra, the learned counsel for the respondent submitted that the factum of arbitration clause in the agreement dated 01.05.1997 is admitted by the appellant and the appellant is seeking compensation on account of illegal termination of clearing and forwarding agent agreement and the issue continues to be arbitrable.
They also tend to distort the interest rate pattern of the economy and may result in the dearth of sound industrial securities.
Southeastern Pa. v. Casey59, the United States Supreme Court had opined that such matters which involve the most intimate and personal choices a person may make in a lifetime, choices central to personal dignity and autonomy, are central to the liberty protected by the Fourteenth Amendment.
The aforesaid list, enactments and regulations are further supplemented with the regulations protecting the dignity of women.
Future generations will marvel at their genius. Many among us have been blessed with the opportunity to have personally known and experienced their uncommon prowess.
Mr Narasimha, learned ASG would contend that the said rule of construction would not be applicable to understand the meaning of the term “defamation .
The situation is marginally better in the Rajya Sabha.
However, the structure provided in our Constitution leaves no manner of doubt that the doctrine of separation of powers runs through the Indian Constitution.
The Courts have done and are continuing to do their best for the victims of crime.
Considering the facts and circumstances of the case, including the age of the petitioner, the stage of investigation and also taking into consideration of the fact that the petitioner is a first time offender, I am inclined to grant bail to the petitioner.
On 08.07.2008, it is stated that during the early hours of the morning while the members of the family were sleeping, he assaulted his wife Sangita and his two sons with the separated parts of a pair of sharp scissors and inflicted multiple stab injuries causing their instantaneous death.
Accused Dhanpal, Kanhaiya Lal, Naval, Ram Lal, Babu Lal, Mangi Lal, Radheysham and four others were found guilty of the same offences and imposed various sentences with a default clause.
The abovementioned decisions would indicate that while the evidence of identification of an accused at a trial is admissible as substantive piece of evidence, it would depend on the facts of a given case as to whether or not such a piece of evidence can be relied upon as the sole basis of conviction of an accused.
The abovementioned decisions would indicate that while the evidence of identification of an accused at a trial is admissible as substantive piece of evidence, it would depend on the facts of a given case as to whether or not such a piece of evidence can be relied upon as the sole basis of conviction of an accused.
On behalf of the petitioner, reliance has been placed on a decision of this Court in S.L.P. [C] No.14838/2015 – .
The President said that in both his paintings as well as his lyrics, Tagore never failed to pay tribute to women and their crucial role in the evolution of a better society.
Check with Netscape to see if the updated version of the software is available for your system.
Appellant in order to accommodate her grandparents with them and in the light of growing needs of her and her younger sister (who were then studying) filed the release application before the prescribed authority and the release order was granted by the prescribed authority in favour of the appellant/landlady directing respondent-tenant to handover vacant possession of suit premises to the appellant.
Consequently, the Constitution makers provided for Entry 66 in List I with the objective of maintaining uniform standards of education in fields of research, higher education and technical education.
He said India’s experience in democracy has been applauded throughout the world and there is much that Iraq can learn from the Indian experience.
The Short Title, Extent and Commencement clause of the 1944 Act has been amended to extend this Act to the whole of India.
The life of the House for which the election took place has long expired.
This Court in a series of cases held that the express exclusion can be inferred either from the language of the special law or it can be necessarily implied from the scheme and object of the special law.
The constitutional validity of Rule 57CC of the erstwhile Modvat Credit Rules was also challenged.
However, this information is incomplete and the actual figures would be higher than reflected in the affidavit.
We have considered the submissions of the learned senior counsel appearing on behalf of the appellant and the respondents and carefully perused the impugned judgment and materials on record.
Corporate Centre have examined the issue and have advised that the scheme is purely voluntary.
Corporate Centre have examined the issue and have advised that the scheme is purely voluntary.
Jurisdiction of income-tax authorities.
It was the prosecution case (in that case) the accused had kept on telling his having committed the murder to every one.
For withdrawals arising out of NPS - Swavalamban accounts under (a) & (b) above, there is an overriding condition on the lump sum payment payable due to which the entire accumulated pension wealth would be annuitised in case if the monthly pension obtained by using the 40% / 80% of the pension wealth is below Rs. 1000 / - per month.
No transfer charges will be payable in case of the first sale, including the built-up premises on the sub-divided plot(s) as described above.
This Act has now been in place for over a year and even in this short period, several implementation challenges have emerged.
Thereafter, this witness and Harcharan intervened in the matter.
In the next house, there were 10 slippers and he thought that P.W.23 might be there and slowly opened the door.
In any event of the matter, the policy Guidelines issued from time to time made it abundantly clear that DEC alone was not entitled to grant permission for open distance learning and appropriate permissions from the requisite authorities were always required and insisted upon.
Thereafter this appeal was listed for hearing as if it is an appeal of 2008 rather than a petition of 2004 thereby wiping away four years of its age in this Court.
It is also relevant to note that in Annexure-P3- complaint filed by the chief electoral agent of the appellant on 13.04.2011, there is no reference to the number of copies of Exhibit-P1- leaflet, days when the same were distributed and the people who distributed the same, etc., and most importantly, there is no allegation at all in Annexure-P3 that the said leaflet was printed by the first respondent or with his consent.
There is also no denial that the Act 1971 has very well stood the test of the judicial scrutiny for about five decades, as is evident from the case law discussed in the preceding chapters.
Thus, the scheme of the Code clearly adumbrates that when an application has been made under Order 21 Rule 97, the court is enjoined to adjudicate upon the right, title and interest claimed in the property arising between the parties to a proceeding or between the decree- holder and the person claiming independent right, title or interest in the immovable property and an order in that behalf be made.
It also covers in detail the training procedure, including initial and recurrent training.
It is only at the request of the promisor that the promisee may agree to extend the time of performance and thereby bring about an agreement for extension of time.
It is only at the request of the promisor that the promisee may agree to extend the time of performance and thereby bring about an agreement for extension of time.
Losing weight is also another way to increase your good cholesterol.
This is bound to reflect in less than average availability against major parameters.
He was a great poet as well as a doctor.
In many cases, the physical findings may be negative, but the patient may complain only of pain, e.g. a headache, pain in the chest etc.
Per contra, learned counsel for the respondent-State Ms. Pragati Neekhra submitted that witnesses have consistently deposed that the appellant threatened the deceased that he would not be spared alive and thereafter fired shot from his loaded pistol and medical evidence amply corroborates the version of the eye witnesses and the courts below rightly convicted the appellant under IPC.
The same was prepared by AICTE.
The same was prepared by AICTE.
It was categorically asserted by the plaintiff that during April, 2005 he had come to India and visited the suit property on 8th April, 2005 when he was stopped by defendant No. 1 from entering into the suit property.
Rule 25 obliges the Chief Minister to furnish to the LG such information relating to the administration of the Capital and proposals for legislation as the LG may call for.
As expounded in the recent decisions of this Court, the issue ought not to be decided on the basis of rights of the parties claiming custody of the minor child but the focus should constantly remain on whether the factum of best interest of the minor child is to return to the native country or otherwise.
After considering the submissions advanced on behalf of the prosecution and the respondents on the issue of punishment, the Trial Court by its further order found the case to be rarest of rare warranting extreme punishment of death penalty.
By now, it is well settled that the power of judicial review, vested in the Supreme Court and the High Courts under the said articles of the Constitution, is an integral part and essential feature of the Constitution, constituting part of its basic structure.
This is ensured by the manner in which the Aadhaar project operates.
In this exercise if any candidate reaches the requisite quota, then he is declared elected.
Motivation of 3,11,77,619 female voters : Ensuring active participation in the elections.
It also observed that provision of the regarding affiliation of technical colleges and conditions for grant of continuation of such affiliation by the university would remain operative but the conditions that are prescribed by the university for grant and continuation of affiliation must be in conformity with the norms and guidelines prescribed by NCTE .
It is thus appropriate that the two organisations namely IIM - Lucknow and JK Organisation should join hands in instituting the National Leadership Awards in the memory of Late Lakshmipat Singhania.
Hence, it is clear that appellant (A-99) had been driving the said police jeep when the party was headed by Vijay Krishnaji Patil (A-116).
Hence, it is clear that appellant (A-99) had been driving the said police jeep when the party was headed by Vijay Krishnaji Patil (A-116).
This dispute was to be resolved in the special meeting dated 02.08.2014, which was clearly indicated by notice dated 16.07.2014 and 19.07.2014 as indicated above.
In case of difference of opinion between the Lieutenant Governor and the Council with regard to any matter, the PART J Lieutenant Governor shall refer it to the Central Government for the decision of the President and shall act according to the decision of the President.
In the event the arbitrator opined that he had no jurisdiction in relation thereto an appeal thereagainst was provided for under Section 37 of the Act.
The Specialised Adoption Agency shall prepare the home study report of the prospective adoptive parents and upon finding them eligible, will refer a child declared legally free for adoption to them along with the child study report and medical report of the child, in the manner as provided in the adoption regulations framed by the Authority.
Thus, the 1984 Act, to achieve its purpose, conceives of involvement of certain categories so that, if required, the Family Court can take their assistance to exercise its jurisdiction in an effective manner.
However, at the same time, the judicial discretion which has been conferred upon the Court, has to be exercised in a fair manner keeping in view the well established judicial principles which have been laid down from time to time, the prime consideration being reason and fair play.
Few countries in the world have such a national provision to ensure child - centered, child - friendly education to help all children develop to their fullest potential.
RBI’s argument that if people, who are sovereign, are made aware of the irregularities being committed by the banks then the country’s economic security would be endangered, is not only absurd but is equally misconceived and baseless.
Figures mean nothing to those who do not benefit from them.
The FIR was accordingly registered under Section 376 of IPC and chargesheet against the petitioner was filed under Section 376, 506 (1) and 342 of IPC.
The Supreme Court then highlighted the fact that in Cruzan case, there was a statute of the State of Missouri unlike in Airedale case (where there was none), which required clear and convincing evidence that while the patient was competent, had desired that if she becomes incompetent and enters into a PVS, her life support system should be withdrawn.
Division Bench upheld by this Hon’ble Court.
In that view of the matter, they are the sisters of the husband of respondent no.2 - Mukul Gupta.
Orders in this regard shall be passed and monetary benefits disbursed to the petitioner as expeditiously as possible, at any rate, within two months from the date of receipt of a certified copy of this judgment.
It is also called self - service stores.
This module will also be used to publish hard copies of the time table in the format specified by the user.
It “is the term used to indicate the fraction extent to which a dose of drug reaches its site of action or a biological fluid from which the drug has access to its site of action  [Goodman and Gilman in CPAA compilation, volume…, internal page 4]; or “the degree to which a drug or other substance becomes available to the target tissue after administration  [Dorland’s Medical Dictionary in Novartis’ volume B, at page 65].
The Lok Sabha alone does not represent Parliament.
The injuries suffered by the deceased show how brutally they were attacked.
Since the legitimacy and credibility of any judicial institution depends upon public confidence in its independence, it is imperative that appointment procedures for judicial office conform to—and are seen to conform to—international standards on judicial independence.
In our considered opinion, even if the petitioner had a physically handicapped certificate, he was required to tender a further certificate that he was unable to type.
The Insurance Company is responsible to indemnify the loss on the basis of the replacement of the damaged machine in the same condition at which it was at the day of the accident.
In the Defence of India Rules, 1962, rule 132A (relating to prohibition of dealings in foreign exchange) shall be omitted except as respects things done or omitted to be done under that rule.
Sub-rule 2 of Rule 4 requires the Collector to give reasonable opportunity to the Company so that the Collector may hold an inquiry into the matters referred in Sub-rule (1).
She then accompanied him to Dharamshala but since there were no children he took her to the house of another person.
Harleen Sharma, Civil Judge (Jr. Divn), Kurushetra.
JAL is stated to be a public listed company with 5.57 lakh individual shareholders and fifteen directors (including eight independent directors and two nominee directors of lenders).
This Court in said case quashed the award of the Labour Court dated 23rd March, 1992 setting aside the order of termination dated 3rd March, 1989 of the workman, and further set aside the order passed by the High Court of Kerala upholding the award of the Labour Court.
In spite of that per capita availability of fruits and vegetables is quite low because of post harvest losses, which account for about 25% to 30% of production.
The fourth petitioner in the proceeding is Devendra Gangadhar Fadnavis, the Chief Minister of Maharashtra.
No finding has been recorded by the Competent Authority that the deficiency of faculty of 10.60 % and residents of 6.52 % was exceeding the prescribed norms in that regard.
In the present case, the CIT himself while relying upon the reply submitted by the assessee had partially accepted the claim as far as investment in share capital was concerned but it did not accept the documentary evidence and reply submitted by the assessee before the Assessing Officer as far as unsecured loans and creditors are concerned.
Even if nursery is prepared, it is not prepared properly.
The interest of justice is best served by ascertaining the truth and the court should be furnished with the best available science and may not be left to bank upon presumptions, unless science has no answer to the facts in issue.
The interest of justice is best served by ascertaining the truth and the court should be furnished with the best available science and may not be left to bank upon presumptions, unless science has no answer to the facts in issue.
However, we are of the view that the salary of the deceased at the time of her death taken by the High Court is on the lower side considering that she was employed as a permanent teacher in a government school and she must have had at least 20-25 years of work experience at the time of her death.
However, we are of the view that the salary of the deceased at the time of her death taken by the High Court is on the lower side considering that she was employed as a permanent teacher in a government school and she must have had at least 20-25 years of work experience at the time of her death.
In the meanwhile, the plaintiff approached the Police for enforcement of the contract.
Indiraji boldly took up the challenge and she was elected leader of the Congress Parliamentary Party securing 355 votes out of 526 with a majority of 186 over her rival.
Tax lawfully levied and realized cannot be refunded.
It is not permissible to appoint an arbitrator to adjudicate the disputes between the parties, in the absence of an arbitration agreement or mutual consent.
The application for allotment of shares and acceptance thereof constitute a contract between the Company and the applicant.
At intermediate stations where the train arrives on the following day, such reservations can be done more than 60 days in advance of date of journey from the intermediate station.
A copy of the GAFTA 125 is annexed hereto and marked “OO .
Do it flamboyantly.
The Indian Administrative Service and The Indian Police Service are deemed to be constituted by the Parliament in terms of Article 312 of the Constitution.
Ensure that the message of science reaches every citizen of India, man and woman, young and old, so that they advance scientific temper, emerge as a progressive and enlightened society, and make it possible for all to participate fully in the development of science and technology and its application for human welfare.
Three batches of 20 officers / scientists / Engineers each have undergone Master Trainers Programmes at ISTM New Delhi; Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore and Carnegie Mellon University (CMU), USA.
A bone marrow biopsy is almost always done to confirm the diagnosis and to distinguish it from other types of leukemia.
PW- 1 was being held by the accused towards the front of the bus, while the prosecutrix was being raped at the rear side of the bus and the lights of the bus also had been turned off.
However, after finding fault with certain reasoning and conclusion of the Special Court in granting bail, the High Court has observed that the CBI has not placed any material before the Special Court to substantiate their stand.
However, after finding fault with certain reasoning and conclusion of the Special Court in granting bail, the High Court has observed that the CBI has not placed any material before the Special Court to substantiate their stand.
The High Court also concluded, that the above order dated 10.3.2000 was binding, on the Recovery Officer of the DRT, Bangalore.
In fact, in the case on hand after pointing out the substantial defects in the Election Petition as well as the affidavit filed in support of the Election Petition, the First Respondent came forward with a separate application, namely, I.A. No.3 of 2011 for rejecting the Election Petition for want of cause of action.
Abhorrent practices such as female foeticide and dowry deaths should be brought to an end.
Direct measurement is very difficult, but its estimation using semi - empirical equation that takes account of the impact of various parameters responsible for loss of water can solve many practical oriented problems, especially water requirement of field crops.
The principal reasons for confirming the death penalty in the above cases include: (1) the cruel, diabolic, brutal, depraved and gruesome nature of the crime (.
Inflation Act (Canada)93, have relaxed the exclusionary rule.
Finally, it was submitted that if the present applications are allowed, then in all cases where judges of this Court make enquiries which are probing or even inconvenient to one of the parties in the matter, they could be compelled to recuse themselves.
The application of causes a deprivation of the fundamental right to privacy which inheres in every citizen.
However, in its current form, the Aadhaar framework does not address the privacy concerns issues discussed in this section of the judgment.
Nevertheless it was held that the Court had a discretion to admit the evidence obtained as a result of the illegal search and the constitutional protection against search of person or property without consent did not take away the discretion of the Court.
We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure.
Acquisition of the membership depends on the decision of the electorate and is conferred by a process established by law.
The said workshop was having its shutter down and locked and in absence of the key the police forced open the lock and opened the same.
The said workshop was having its shutter down and locked and in absence of the key the police forced open the lock and opened the same.
Lastly, the end-use in both the entries 4803 & 4818.90 is the same, namely, for sanitary or household purposes.
Lastly, the end-use in both the entries 4803 & 4818.90 is the same, namely, for sanitary or household purposes.
L Ed 1234 : 304 US 144 (1938).
Each of these individuals and organisations have through their life and work taken forward the Gandhian ideals of human freedom, compassion for fellow beings and the capacity to be resolutely non - violent and caring in the face of terrible injustice.
In the meantime, respondents are directed to file reply to contempt petition.
Every District Court must have at least one e-mail ID.
As a company is a juristic entity it is obvious that some person has to sign the pleadings on behalf of the company.
Paragraph 13 of the judgment in R.C. Tobacco (supra) would reflect that the appellant therein had specifically relied upon the judgment in J.K. Cotton (supra) in support of the submission that retrospectivity was harsh and excessive since there is, in fact, a retrospective imposition of excise duty.
Submission was that if this is clearly a Money Bill, being placed beyond challenge in a Court of Law, then to term it as a Financial Bill as contended by the petitioners would be wholly unjustified.
I am told that as part of the year - long celebrations, JIPMER has conducted national and international conferences and workshops.
The Committees are not meant to weaken the administration, instead they prevent misuse of power exercisable by the Executive.
But the counsel in spite of his best efforts could not establish the same except the fact that 8.65 acres and 14.15 acres were submerged area of the lake and lakebed respectively which was carved out as land area so as to make it a part of the 100 acre land area.
More importantly, this Court expressly recorded an ardent hope, that the exposition recorded in the Samsher Singh case11, would not fall on deaf ears.
Particularly in view of the Government rules and instructions in financial matters which were binding and consistently followed by making the deposit in treasury for more than 100 years since 1894.
Particularly in view of the Government rules and instructions in financial matters which were binding and consistently followed by making the deposit in treasury for more than 100 years since 1894.
The children of respondent, namely, Parmesh, Lakshamma and Sunil appeared through their counsel and opposed payment of compensation to the respondents.
We have to further take into notice that private vehicle of the appellants was intercepted when it was on the public road.
Such subsidies, consistent with executive policy, can always be reflected in the tariff except that determination of cost of supply on voltage basis would provide a more accurate barometer for identification of the extent of cross subsidies, continuance of which but reduction of the quantum thereof is the avowed legislative policy, at least for the present.
Such subsidies, consistent with executive policy, can always be reflected in the tariff except that determination of cost of supply on voltage basis would provide a more accurate barometer for identification of the extent of cross subsidies, continuance of which but reduction of the quantum thereof is the avowed legislative policy, at least for the present.
We are of the view that there is no distinction between the “constitutional law  and an established “constitutional convention  and both are binding in the field of their operation.
Swine Influenza (swine flu) is a respiratory disease of pigs caused by type a influenza viruses that causes regular outbreaks in pigs.
If a person not expecting to be in office obtains a gratification by deceiving others into a belief that he is about to be in office, and that he will then serve them, he may be guilty of cheating, but he is not guilty of the offence defined in this section.
In the present case it is relevant to note the Retirement Deed and Partnership Deed have also been relied by the plaintiffs.
Resistance to Change in the Manner of Conducting Litigation 2.11 While the Bill aims to improve the pace at which litigation is conducted in India, it does not make an effort to fundamentally alter the litigation culture in India.
The High Court held that there is no material either direct or circumstantial to point out any connection of the respondent-accused with alleged offences of forgery, cheating, conspiracy etc.
It is really a festival time here. Arriving in Diu, I could feel the festive mood of the people, tourists and the City.
No other points having been urged before us, these applications must be dismissed.
In a case where goods are removed clandestinely, there would be no levy.
The legacy also enjoins on us the reason for this freedom.
On the facts of the present case, it is clear that a clear representation/promise had been made pursuant to which the State actually amended the Kerala Building Tax Act, 1975 by inserting .
Besides, about 17 percent of the workers of Assam are engaged in the tea industry.
It would, therefore, be seen that there is now a consensus amongst most of the High Courts in the country that the procedure in case of difference of opinion in appeals from subordinate Courts is governed by the appropriate clause of the Letters Patent and not by and the view we are taking is in accord with the decisions of the other High Courts.
This judgement and order of the Division Bench has attained finality inasmuch as it has not been challenged any further.
Considering the facts and circumstances of the case in hand, in the light of the above principles, we are of the view that the case in hand does not entail a direction for transferring the investigation from the State police/special team of State police officers to CBI.
The law has had to confront problems in applying this standard in difficult, practical situations.
The Article empowers the NJAC to lay down, by regulations, the procedure for the discharge of its functions, the manner of selection of persons for appointment and such other matters as may be considered necessary.
The longer the focal length of the eyepiece, the greater the eye relief.
In the requisition, they should clearly state that the costs of guard would be met by them.
Spirits that roam the jungles & villages, the fertility of mother earth, social bonding among communities, rejuvenation etc are the main elements that form the souls of the Naga people.
It was pointed out, that the manner of appointment of Judges, through the “collegium system , had not produced Judges of the kind who were sensitive to the rights of the poor and needy.
Mere reliance on the acceptance or deemed acceptance of the Indian Bureau of Mines is not enough, as imagined by the State of Goa.
The State Legal Services Authorities are directed, through the Member Secretary of NALSA to urgently take up the issue with the panel lawyers so that wherever the offences can be compounded, immediate steps should be taken and wherever the offences cannot be compounded, efforts should be made to expedite the disposal of those cases or at least efforts should be made to have the persons in custody released therefrom at the earliest.
If a finding is recorded against it, it would create a concavity in its reputation.
If a finding is recorded against it, it would create a concavity in its reputation.
If the assessee has raised some legal contentions and if there is a variance in the approach as to fact-situation, the pendency of the proceedings of the earlier year will entail re- petition of the same contentions.
A person standing in a fiduciary relation to another has a duty to protect the interest given to his care and the Court watches with jealously all transactions between such persons so that the protector may not use his influence or the confidence to his advantage.
A person standing in a fiduciary relation to another has a duty to protect the interest given to his care and the Court watches with jealously all transactions between such persons so that the protector may not use his influence or the confidence to his advantage.
The right to privacy was developed by Warren and Brandeis in the backdrop of the dense urbanization which occurred particularly in the East Coast of the United States.
As per document Annexure P-9-H dated 28.05.1990, it appears that the permission was granted to store the explosives only to the extent of 1,700kgs.
Therefore, it can safely be concluded that the respondent is the owner of the land as he has legal title to hold the said land.
Therefore, it can safely be concluded that the respondent is the owner of the land as he has legal title to hold the said land.
Learned Senior Counsel finally conceded that in such a case the inference is reasonably certain that the boy was killed by the kidnappers unless they explain otherwise.
Prius’ in respect of auto accessories manufactured by the defendants.
Keeping in view the aforesaid amendment in the other two enactments and regard being had to the purpose of the amendment and the totality of the circumstances, we think it apt to recommend the Union of India to seriously consider to bring an amendment in the Act so that the hardships faced by the persons convicted by the Court Martial are avoided.
The report submitted by the Commission under clause (d) of sub-section (1) shall, on receipt, be placed before the Legislative Assembly.
Her property was inherited by the plaintiffs being her sons and daughters.
The bacteria in our gut, sense, process and modulate our life.
In respect of fixation of salary for the Officers at Johannesburg, the Cost of Living Index was revised on the basis of Bulletin of Statistics published by U.N. in March, 2000 as 62, as compared to 100 of New York.
Therefore it is to be taken as an imperative requirement on the part of the officer intending to search to inform the person to be searched of his right that if he so chooses, he will be searched in the presence of a Gazetted Officer or a Magistrate.
Government of India, DOS issued an order dated 12.08.1999, where it was mentioned that special pay will not be treated as part of pay for the purposes like DA, HRA, pension etc.
After receiving the final report from Dharmarajan Committee, the Delhi Municipal Corporation (Amendment) Act, 2003 was passed.
If the Inquiry Committee at the conclusion of the investigation made by it records a finding that the Judge is ‘not guilty’, the process ends with no one, not even the Parliament, being empowered to consider much less question the finding of ‘not guilty’ recorded by the Inquiry Committee.
Thus, the deposition of PW8 is full of contradictions/omissions and improvements and that she has not stated true and correct facts.
The principle of exercise of expanded expansion has received acceptance because the Court when it does not intend to extinguish the spark of life of the convict by imposing the death sentence.
Apart from the question of validity, the subsidiary question that arose before this Court is whether the termination of the services of the appellants and the petitioner before this Court as secondary school teachers and intermediate college lecturers following upon the High Court judgment is valid and, if not, the relief to which they are entitled.
It discusses the issues of exploitation, bonded labour, children in hazardous occupation, violation of the rights of children and the existing national and international instruments in a useful and informative manner.
The lingam rock is pinkish buff coloured orthoquartzite similar to quartzite of Vindhayans.
The lingam rock is pinkish buff coloured orthoquartzite similar to quartzite of Vindhayans.
Disbursements for investment line of credit should be allowed upon receipt of request letter citing purpose involved / mode of disbursement from the farmer.
Excessive loss of fluid through the intestinal tract can happen when the intestine is 'inflamed' or damaged, or when bacteria or viruses cause the lining of the intestine to produce more fluid than can be absorbed.
During the trap, a sum of Rs.5,000/- was recovered from the custody of the accused.
During the trap, a sum of Rs.5,000/- was recovered from the custody of the accused.
Perusal of the said order would indicate that the S.D.M. concerned has drawn the said conclusion that Ram Kumar Sharma was in possession of the disputed property two months prior to the drawing of the proceedings under (1) .
This is for the reason that the Presidential List contains only those castes or groups or parts thereof, which have been regarded as untouchables.
It is further pointed out that the State raises funds through taxation which can be used by the State only to discharge its constitutional functions.
Let Shri Chander Wadhwa, CFO, file his affidavit in this Court placing the appointment order; authorization made to him from time to time; his authorization letters; details of attendance, if any, at the Board meetings; authority to sign any voucher; and his entire role which he has performed in the organization.
Each one of the above (the country, its institutions and citizens), needs to be preserved.
Admittedly, the appellant industry has obtained sanction for bulk water supply connection from the Board for the supply of 36,200 gallons of water per day @ Rs.12/- per kilo litre for the manufacture of dye and other chemicals.
In this connection, it is as well to remember that a bare medical opinion without reasons in support will be of no value to the Pension Sanctioning Authority.
Thus, whether the Chief Justice comes to a finding that there exists a live issue, then naturally this finding would include a finding that the respective claims of the parties have not become barred by limitation.
Thus, whether the Chief Justice comes to a finding that there exists a live issue, then naturally this finding would include a finding that the respective claims of the parties have not become barred by limitation.
It is because of this abuse that the constitutional provisions were revisited at the instance of the Bar of this Court and the revisit gave the correct interpretational insight into our constitutional history and the constitutional provisions.
Going by the aforesaid principles, this Court finds that no information about the commission of an offence under the said Act can be recorded by the police without the prior approval of the District Superintendent of Police.
Pendyala Venkata Krishna Rao and Ors.,6 the High Court concluded that the pleadings in paragraphs 2 and 9 to 11 were frivolous and vexatious and not containing any material facts and cause of action, for which the same were liable to be struck off.
This provision in sub section 3 of Section 44 was in addition to the reservation made in in respect of those matters where the administrator was under the Act, required to act in his discretion or was to exercise judicial or quasi- judicial functions under any law.
He stated thatthe canvas, scope and breadth of exposure and responsibility that a career in Government offers, and that too at a relatively young age, is an experience and opportunity unlike any other.
It enlarges, enriches and improves the individual’s image of the future.
There are other provisions which deal with the action to be taken which include provision for medical examination of the applicant falling under Rule 18, appeal against the finding of medical authority, withdrawal of his application etc.
In her application she categorically stated that she had post qualification experience of seven years and three months.
In her application she categorically stated that she had post qualification experience of seven years and three months.
But pre- arrangement there must be and premeditated concert.
As the regulator and supervisor of the banking system, the RBI has discretion in the disclosure of such information in public interest.
It is not in dispute that in the incident in question 5 persons, viz., Seema, Munna Mawali, Kalu, Isha and Sonu died and as per the post mortem reports, the deaths were due to multiple injuries on various parts of the bodies.
Relying upon the above mentioned contentions in the counter affidavits, Mr P.S.Patwalia, learned Additional Solicitor General and Mr R Balasubramanian, learned counsel have submitted that they are no sanctioned posts against which the petitioners can be regularized.
It has also not been shown to us, that any prejudice would be caused to the respondent-plaintiff before the trial court, if the counter-claim was to be adjudicated upon, along with the main suit.
The BCCI has objected to the recommendation in so far as same pertains to induction of two nominees of the franchisees.
The functions of the Committee are to consider and advise on such matters concerning the affairs of the House as may be referred to it by the Chairman from time to time.
A18-Nentu assaulted deceased-Hemanta with a tangi on his head.
At this juncture, an important observation is needed.
No relevant fact was omitted nor irrelevant fact was taken into account.
No relevant fact was omitted nor irrelevant fact was taken into account.
The reason for repeal for the 1887 Act and the 1888 Act (Entries 31 and 32 of this list) applies to this Act as well.
Under option (vi) – payment of annuity ceases and 100% of the annuity is paid to the surviving named spouse during his / her life time.
However, before discussing this central issue, we would like to analyse the events of the present case, as that would be of help to answer the pivotal issue raised before us.
However, before discussing this central issue, we would like to analyse the events of the present case, as that would be of help to answer the pivotal issue raised before us.
We approve the same.
Now, it will be for the competent Court to come to its own conclusion on their respective merits and pass appropriate orders in accordance with law.
Now, it will be for the competent Court to come to its own conclusion on their respective merits and pass appropriate orders in accordance with law.
They were introduced to complement and supplement each other in achieving total food safety and quality.
The nature of the right of the transferee in the granted land on transfer of such lands in breach of the condition of prohibition relating to such transfer, the object of such grant and the terms thereof, also the law governing such grants and the object and the scheme of the present Act enacted for the benefit of weaker sections of our community, clearly go to indicate that there is in this case no deprivation of such right or property as may attract the provisions of Articles 31 and 31A of the Constitution.
Both the cheques were dishonoured on account of insufficiency of funds.
The views of the other Judges consulted should be in writing and should be conveyed to the Government of India by the Chief Justice of India along with his views to. 41 the extent set out in the body of his.
The High Court also erred in holding that the provision of providing the access road was an obligation on the part of the appellant-RIICO, deciding this on equitable grounds.
He immediately sent them to Government Hospital at 7:05 P.M.
His contention was, that the duties of Drivers engaged by the Delhi Police Force, were more onerous than Drivers in other departments.
The person for whom such act is done, or who is so represented, is called the “principal  [section 182].
Provided that in the case of an imported formulation, the landed cost shall form the basis for fixing its price along with such margin to cover selling and distribution expenses including interest and importer’s profit which shall not exceed 50 per cent of the landed cost.
The three conditions are : stopping or not starting a medically useless (futile) treatment, stopping or not starting a treatment at the patient‘s request and speeding up death as a side effect of treatment necessary for alleviating serious suffering.
In Aruna Shanbaug, the Court has in detail referred to the legislations in Netherlands, i.e., the Termination of Life on Request and Assisted Suicide (Review Procedures) Act, 2002 that regulates euthanasia.
The other motor vehicles in the said area also caught fire and several persons were injured and a situation of panic emerged among the persons who had come to the theater.
A  and “Category-B , (d) amount received/ receivable from the sale proceeds of the confiscated material etc., may be directed to be transferred to the SPV and used exclusively for the socio- economic development of the area/local population, infrastructure development, conservation and protection of forest, developing common facilities for transportation of iron ore (such as maintenance and widening of existing road, construction of alternate road, conveyor belt, railway siding and improving communication system, etc.).
Possibility of such an agreement has been inferred by the CCI on the grounds that identical bidding takes place thereafter and various suppliers gave such a bid despite varying cost and also that they have appoined common changes etc. as pointed out above.
Possibility of such an agreement has been inferred by the CCI on the grounds that identical bidding takes place thereafter and various suppliers gave such a bid despite varying cost and also that they have appoined common changes etc. as pointed out above.
Significantly, excludes, by a mandate, race, religion, caste, tribe, ethnicity, language, records of entitlement, income or medical history from the purview of demographic information.
Perhaps not.
However, threshold admissibility of an electronic evidence cannot be ruled out on any technicality if the same was relevant.
Infrastucture facilities for production of quality planting material such as establishment of 420 nurseries, 3055 community water tanks, adoption of drip irrigation in 2121 ha were undertaken.
Judgments of High Courts/Supreme Court: 8.1 It is virtually impossible to implement the recommendation in Clause 16.8(e).
Automatic Refinance Facility (ARF) will be extended to the Commercial Banks / State Coop Banks / Regional Rural Banks / Primary Urban Coop Banks / ADFCs / NEDFi / NBFCs without any upper ceiling on quantum of refinance, bank loan or TFO for all kinds of projects under Farm Sector (FS) & Non Farm Sector (NFS).
Order dated 11th June, 1986 of Under Secretary, Ministry of Tourism, also addressed to Chief Secretary, Govt. of Goa, constituting an inter- Ministerial Committee for considering tourist projects within 500 meters.
The tenant made an application for recalling the order on the ground that the payment which he had made to the landlord had not been considered.
Therefore, as per the policy of the Government of Haryana, the constructed portion including the amenities and other built up areas are required to be released from the process of acquisition.
Factors to be kept in mind when choosing an appropriate contraceptive.
God is graceless way, because of the Maya as it may seem to us in many gods.
He wrote on varied branches of science and had established a versatility in treatment.
This maxim is founded upon justice and good sense which serves a safe and certain guide for the administration of law.
This maxim is founded upon justice and good sense which serves a safe and certain guide for the administration of law.
A1 to A3 were marked.
After sometime, Tiger Memon, alongwith a few co-accused, particularly, Jawed Chikna, Yeda Yaqub, Dawood Takalya and some labourers went into the Sea in a trawler which was already been parked there, and returned after 15-20 minutes with some goods.
After sometime, Tiger Memon, alongwith a few co-accused, particularly, Jawed Chikna, Yeda Yaqub, Dawood Takalya and some labourers went into the Sea in a trawler which was already been parked there, and returned after 15-20 minutes with some goods.
Only if Section 17 of Limitation Act was applicable to a Section 34 application, the question of factual satisfaction of the ingredients of Section 17 to the present case and a consequent remand to the trial court would arise.
These may belong to NGOs, media (print and electronic), legal or medical profession, chartered accountants.
He has a duty to ensure that in carrying out the administrative functions, he is actuated by same principles and values as those of the Court he is serving.
The said form relates to cash challan.
Secondly, the Division Bench doubted the compliance, by the appellant, of clause 8 read with clause 10(g) of Section 4 of the tender.
Secondly, the Division Bench doubted the compliance, by the appellant, of clause 8 read with clause 10(g) of Section 4 of the tender.
The offences under Sections 147 and 148 are distinct offences.
PW-10/A, has not been given credence to on the ground that the victim was not in a position to speak and had sustained 80% burn injuries and further as her both hands were burnt, she could not have written what has been alleged to have written by her in the said document.
He was a writer, speaker, novelist, lawyer, teacher, Indologist, Constitutional expert, Administrator, Statesman, patriot and a promoter and sustainer of cultural, ethical and moral values.
The link between policies on sports and physical education, human resource development and youth affairs in the country was also weak for a long period.
With this solitary modification resulting into partial allowing of the appeal, rest of the judgment and sentence dated 15.09.2005 passed by the learned Additional Sessions Judge, Sabarkantha, 4th Fast Track Court, Modasa, Gujarat has been affirmed.
This was seen by the Bar as a threat to the independence of tne judiciary, by some as subversion of the Constitution from within and a manifest attempt to undermine the court’s in- dependence.
Rule 7 of the 2012 Rules.
On 01.10.1965, the appellant joined the office of District & Sessions Court, Delhi as Lower Division Clerk.
State would point out that there was ample evidence in the form of testimony of the prosecutrix.
TheStand-Up India scheme will aid in mobilizing the large reservoir of untapped potential among women and the under-privileged sections.
Where the High Court quashes a criminal proceeding having regard to the facts that the dispute between the offender and the victim has been settled although the offences are not compoundable, it does so as in its opinion, continuation of criminal proceedings will be an exercise in futility and justice in the case demands that the dispute between the parties is put to an end and peace is restored; securing the ends of justice being the ultimate guiding factor.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the Charterers agree to the indemnify the Owners against all consequences or liabilities arising from the Master, officers or agents signing Bills of Lading or other documents.
Similarly, Constitutional Courts, when applying the principle of reservation, will be well within their jurisdiction to exclude the creamy layer from such groups or sub-groups when applying the principles of equality under Articles 14 and 16 of the Constitution of India.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has expressed shock and deep sadness over the terrorist attack on a University in Kenya.
The theories of punishment, whether deterrent or reformative, would not save the situation.
He also expressed the view, that the appointed Judges were oblivious of violations of human rights.
It does not, however, mean that such time can be stretched to any period.
This Court held thus : “10. of the Act provides for classes of the driving licence.
The said conclusion of the two Judge Bench has been arrived at without noticing that the term “sale agreement  has not been defined in the Act and is not even a legal test for applicability of the Act.
It was held in paragraph 8 of the Report that the right to shelter would include adequate living space but that does not mean a mere right to a roof over one’s head.
The first appellate court has committed serious error both on facts and in law in reversing the findings of fact recorded on the contentious issues by referring to the decisions of this Court in the impugned judgment on the aforesaid points which are totally inapplicable to the fact situation, and has erroneously set aside the findings of fact recorded by the trial court.
Some more organisations like BPCL and ONGC have shown interest in implementing R & D projects usage of hydorgen as an alternative source of energy.
He was beaten with sticks.
The packets contained the seeds of swamp cabbage, snake gourd, ridged gourd, bottle gourd, sweet potato, cowpea, yam bean, soybean, cucumber, bitter gourd, okra, Indian spinach, tarukala etc.
(2) The inputs may be removed, after intimating the Assistant Commissioner of Central Excise concerned, in writing, for home consumption or for export under bond.
The closest railway stations are Siliguri (113 km) and New Jalpaiguri (125 Km) connecting Kolkata, Delhi, Guwahati, Lucknow and other important cities.
The key words in Section 10 are “the matter in issue is directly and substantially in issue in the previously instituted suit .
But such a course can be adopted only when the absentee party has already led evidence or a substantial part thereof.
But such a course can be adopted only when the absentee party has already led evidence or a substantial part thereof.
In our view, there does not appear to be any justifiable reason to make such distinction for filing of appeals filed against the similar order passed under FERA before two different appellate authorities under FEMA.
It was also submitted that there was no provision for excluding the creamy layer which also rendered the Act invalid.
What is clear, therefore, is that where, under any agreement between the parties, a person falls within any of the categories set out in the Seventh Schedule, he is, as a matter of law, ineligible to be appointed as an arbitrator.
What is clear, therefore, is that where, under any agreement between the parties, a person falls within any of the categories set out in the Seventh Schedule, he is, as a matter of law, ineligible to be appointed as an arbitrator.
The Division Bench passed the impugned order dated 20th April, 2010, as quoted in the preceding paragraph.
Merely on this ground it cannot be said that Shinde has exercised the power under Section 15 of the TADA Act mala fide.
In fact, the prisoner should be allowed to communicate with his family and friends at regular intervals and should also be permitted to communicate and consult with a legal adviser of his or her choice.
The Constitution mandates that both must exist in the NCT.
The expression ‘therein’ also indicates that the goods enter for the purpose of being used, consumed or sold within the local area.
This Court laid down that once the is applicable under solatium can be claimed.
The families of three Petitioners ignored their sexual identity.
It is also sufficiently proved that in pursuance of the said conspiracy, all the appellants herein threw hand grenades in Fishermen’s Colony at Mahim on 12.03.1993 causing death of 3 persons and injuring 6 others.
As against the above, the amount of direct grant from the Government has been meagre, details of which are being noticed separately later in a different context.
For this purpose, it provides a platform for negotiating agreements between the member countries.
It is submitted that the appellant signed all the documents with open eyes and it was open for him to raise the issue of the alleged wrong date of birth in the year 1978 but he did not take any steps towards that till the year 1987.
Any member of a legislative assembly holds office until such membership comes to an end by some process established by law.
Any negligence and delay on the part of the authorities entitled to take action to avoid such transfers through appropriate legal process for resumption of such grant may be further impediments in the matter of avoiding such transfers and resumption of possession of the granted lands.
Any negligence and delay on the part of the authorities entitled to take action to avoid such transfers through appropriate legal process for resumption of such grant may be further impediments in the matter of avoiding such transfers and resumption of possession of the granted lands.
The witnesses from the department of police cannot per se be said to be untruthful or unreliable.
Having regard to the aforesaid raison d'etre for non-application of the Old LA Act, on the parity of reasoning, provision of Section 24(2) of the New LA Act making Section 11A of the Old LA Act would, obviously, be not applicable.
The question as to whether the inherent power of a High Court would be available to stay a trial under the Act necessarily leads us to an inquiry as to whether such inherent power sounds in constitutional, as opposed to statutory law.
It is only the 1st Tariff Order which gives an option to the 1st respondent (for that matter to all the power producers who are similarly situated as the 1st respondent) not to sell the power produced by it at the price specified in the 1st Tariff Order but seek the determination of a separate tariff.
Hoffmann LJ suggested in his classic judgment in the Court of Appeal in Airedale NHS Trust v Bland [1993] AC 789 at 826, a law will forfeit necessary support if it pays no attention to the ethical dimension of its decisions.
In this Writ Petition, the list dated 01.11.2017 published by the Registrar of Companies, Tamil Nadu, Chennai uploaded the website of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, New Delhi disqualifying the Petitioner to hold the Office of the Directorship of a Company under Section 164 (2) (a) of the 2013, which came into effect from 01.04.2014, is challenged with the consequential direction to the Respondents to permit the Petitioner to get re-appointed or appointed as Directors in any other Company without any hindrance.
For one, it is difficult to imagine a democratically elected Council of Ministers giving advice that “may be detrimental to the interests of the nation .
The President expressed confidence that these Units would continue to strive for excellence with professional zeal and serve the Nation selflessly in the years to come.
He requested the defendant to receive the balance consideration and execute the sale deed, but the defendant maintained a sphinx like silence.
It is conditional upon the willingness of the accused to have the offences compounded.
There was to be one common executive, legislature and judiciary and the Council of Rulers would consist of the Rulers of all the Covenanting States.
No.11 is the CEO of respondent No.10-Company and is overall administrative in-charge of the company’s affairs in Birla Building and in the absence of specific allegations against him, the mere official position of respondent No.11 will not automatically make him vulnerable to criminal prosecution.
First, it is not in dispute that the plaintiff was the owner of the suit land.
It was contended that in her statement recorded under CrPC, she had categorically stated about misappropriation of the stridhan by the family members of her husband.
It sets out principles for an expanding future and is intended to endure for ages to come and consequently to be adopted to the various crisis of human affairs. . . .
We are not going into the minutes what can be treated as a simple clerical mistake that has to be seen case wise and no categorization can be made of such mistakes, if any, but with respect to what is mandatory to be provided in the Form as per provisions of various sections has to be clearly mentioned, it cannot be kept vague, obscure or blank as it is necessary for undertaking requisite tests, investigations and procedures.
The National Commission vide order dated 6.9.2010 dismissed the application of the claimant for examining foreign experts.
It is a legitimate rule of construction to construe words in an Act of Parliament with reference to words found in immediate connection with them.
That should also be stated so that the noticee is able to point out that proposed action is not warranted in the given case, even if the defaults/ breaches complained of are not satisfactorily explained.
That should also be stated so that the noticee is able to point out that proposed action is not warranted in the given case, even if the defaults/ breaches complained of are not satisfactorily explained.
His thoughts and philosophy are contained in more than hundred books written in different languages and in varied styles.
I say this man must be appointed Chief Justice.
Provided that in a case where the adjusted total income of the assessee is a loss, the amount under clause (a) shall be computed at the rate of five per cent of the average adjusted total income of the assessee.
The said submission has been rightly rejected by the High Court by giving reasons.
Though the guillotine is less painful, it is not acceptable today as it is primitive and involves the mutilation of the condemned person.
He stated that he was sure that the collective efforts would have far-reaching effect on the inclusive innovation eco-system of the country.
She further asserted, that the aforesaid consideration had passed from Kalpana Mukherjee to Pratima Chowdhury through Partha Mukherjee.
Ninety Eight Crores (Rs.36998 crores) per year.
They considered that it would be sufficient if, following the precedent furnished by the Government of India Act of 1935, an Instrument of Instructions was drawn up, to be included as a schedule to the Constitution, enjoining the Governors and the President as far as practicable to include members of the minority communities in their Ministries.
It was the way he analysed Karma and submitted to the will of the God.
The figures and conclusions in the impugned order itself indicate the enormous difficulty and repetitive failures of the State Government to either implement the restoration itself or to get any private entity to do so over a period of approx.
In order to encourage greater investment in exploration and mining as well as remove bottlenecks which hinder the productivity and efficiency of this sector, the Planning Commission has set up a 'High Level Committee' under the Chairmanship of Shri Anwarul Hoda, Member, Planning Commission.
It is true that the boundaries of personal liberty are difficult to be identified in black and white; however, such liberty must accommodate public interest.
The word “appear  means “clear to the comprehension , or a phrase near to, if not synonymous with “proved .
Dubey in commission of the alleged offence.
A distinguished Parliamentarian and veteran Congress leader, Shri Kyndiah served the nation in various capacities during his long public life.
By another order dated 20.7.2007 (ONGC-IVth case) this Court extended the concept of Dispute Resolution by High-Powered Committee to amicably resolve the disputes involving the State Governments and their Instrumentalities.
We shall venture to delineate the actual consideration at the hands of the executive, in the process of selection and appointment of High Court Judges, in terms of the Memorandum of Procedure, as well as, the actual prevailing practice.
The terms or the basis of those rights is the event.
Accused 1 has maintained that the second notice was bona fide, and was issued only for the purpose of extending the limitation period connected with the Excise demand in question.
Accused 1 has maintained that the second notice was bona fide, and was issued only for the purpose of extending the limitation period connected with the Excise demand in question.
The majority found that the images portrayed in the “painting  in question were “artistic and satirical in nature .
It is also a celebration of people’s power that nurtures democracies like India and the U.S.
The decision of the employer to appoint a particular number of candidates cannot be interfered with unless it is irrational or malafide.
The decision of the employer to appoint a particular number of candidates cannot be interfered with unless it is irrational or malafide.
Additionally, it should be appreciated that apart from requiring elected representatives of a Panchayat attaching seriousness to taking the oath of office, an unimpeachable record of the elected representatives taking the oath of office should be maintained by the concerned officials of the State Government.
The trial proceeded.
To allow the State Government to withdraw an Essentiality Certificate and say that it is no more essential that there should be a college at all, would lead to gross arbitrariness since logically the existence of the Medical College would again be justified if the deficiencies are removed.
The provisions cannot be invoked after arrest of the accused.
In this category of cases, the High Court may quash criminal proceedings if in its view, because of the compromise between the offender and the victim, the possibility of conviction is remote and bleak and continuation of the criminal case would put the accused to great oppression and prejudice and extreme injustice would be caused to him by not quashing the criminal case despite full and complete settlement and compromise with the victim.
In this category of cases, the High Court may quash criminal proceedings if in its view, because of the compromise between the offender and the victim, the possibility of conviction is remote and bleak and continuation of the criminal case would put the accused to great oppression and prejudice and extreme injustice would be caused to him by not quashing the criminal case despite full and complete settlement and compromise with the victim.
He first wanted to inform the owner of the place as to the murder of Haren Pandya.
However, with effect from 27.06.1981 by the 1981 , was amended and a proviso was inserted that no declaration in respect of any land covered by notice under , sub-section (5), given after the commencement of the 1981 shall be made after the expiry of three years from the date of giving of such notice.
Such overlapping is likely to cause some confusion in the mind of the implementing authority as well as the applicant.
Thus, this assessee had, in fact, suffered loss on this transaction.
For the purposes of the training contract, the taxpayer was given various offices at the premises of the Canadian company, which he was only allowed to enter at normal office hours.
Interim relief, pending consideration of the suit, qua further construction and demolition was also sought.
PW-12, Triloki Ram, Crl.A. No.1804 of 2011 etc.
We, in India, perceive our partnership with ASEAN as a pact for growth and economic progress.
Encourage traditional artisans, weavers and handicrafts.
The meaning of that word in jurisprudence has undergone considerable change after Austin wrote.
We are unable to accept the contention of the appellant that an arbitration clause is a term of supply.
Whether CVC has no further role to play in the matter after it had addressed communication dated 02.12.2010 i.e. the Vigilance Clearance granted by CVC.
Several world - renowned companies / industries exist in these States which encourage large investments into the country.
The same cannot be construed as any definite or even a prima facie conclusion as to the guilt of the appellant.
There is a definite purpose in referring to the aforesaid authorities.
The Registry shall disburse the amount on being deposited by the Insurance Company to the claimant and/or his agent subject to the full satisfaction of the Registry in respect of the identity of the claimant .
Our farmers have hugely benefitted from weather forecasting as also tele - agriculture initiatives that educate them about different methods and techniques of farming.
India common market.
They meet the potential customers and explain the usefulness of their product. They also help in the installation of the product at the customer 's place.
Pursuant to its powers under the IRDA Act, the IRDA has framed at least 27 sets of Regulations on various topics like preparation and submission of actuarial reports, obligations of insurers to rural and social sectors, registration of Indian insurance companies, preparation of financial statements and auditors report of 1.5 insurance companies, form of annual statements of account and record, insurance brokers, etc.
It was further found that by restricting to first suit to the first alienation, it could not be found that plaintiff has split-up the claims or split-up the remedies.
Earlier, it had no utility and its disposal used to be a big problem.
Distinguished experts from other countries visit the institute every year.
Indeed, it is evident from the agreement dated 28.07.1994 between HTPL and the Respondent that a direct agreement existed between them.
It was noted in the minutes of the meeting that the tenants in the premises had, in principle, agreed to the development of the Trust property at Tardeo, on the condition that the interest of the tenants would be looked after and that the tenants would be provided flats in new buildings on ownership basis, and that the development would be completed in a time bound manner by the said developer.
By way of impugned judgment, the trial Court has convicted 100 persons and acquitted 23 persons of all the charges.
Referring to this Court’s decision in the case of , AIR 1975 SC 865, it was submitted that when such information can be supplied to the Parliament, the information relating to the ACR cannot be treated as personal document or private document.
The S.L.P. against this judgment had been simply dismissed.
Gujarat: - The concept of PPP was introduced in the State in the early 1990s, when the Gujarat Maritime Board commenced construction of the Pipavav port.
Chapter XI titled ‘Of false evidence and offence against public justice’, lays down the offences which obstruct the administration of justice.
In his cross-examination, the complainant further stated that no panchayat was ever convened to resolve the issue of harassment of his daughter as it was believed that such a step would eventually affect the marriage prospects of the girl.
In his cross-examination, the complainant further stated that no panchayat was ever convened to resolve the issue of harassment of his daughter as it was believed that such a step would eventually affect the marriage prospects of the girl.
India has emerged as one of the largest global economies and the resilience of our economy is evident from the fact that the impact of the global financial crisis has been far less severe in India than other countries.
Their common objective is to attain secession of Jammu & Kashmir from the Union of India and to achieve this objective, they have established a network of cadres throughout Kashmir Valley who motivate and incite the youth to attack all symbols of Indian authority, especially Indian security forces who have been deployed there for the maintenance of law and order.
Their common objective is to attain secession of Jammu & Kashmir from the Union of India and to achieve this objective, they have established a network of cadres throughout Kashmir Valley who motivate and incite the youth to attack all symbols of Indian authority, especially Indian security forces who have been deployed there for the maintenance of law and order.
On the question of sentencing, we believe that the accused appellant is to be released.
The application where it is by the plaintiff shall whenever necessary set forth in the order of their suitability a list of persons who are competent and qualified to act as guardian for the suit for the minor defendant.
J. This appeal arises out of the judgment dated 28.07.2014 passed by the High Court of Allahabad in Criminal Appeal No.1047 of 1989 in and by which the High Court has dismissed the appeal filed by the appellant thereby affirming his conviction under IPC and for other offences and sentence of life imprisonment imposed upon him passed by the trial court.
Uttarakhand has been a leader in efforts for sustainable development.
After the landing Uttam Potdar (A-30), brought 30 bundles wrapped by gunny cloth around the box and 30 bags of military black colour and, at that time, Mechanic Chacha (A-136) said that the boxes contained glass wares so they had to be carried carefully.
After the landing Uttam Potdar (A-30), brought 30 bundles wrapped by gunny cloth around the box and 30 bags of military black colour and, at that time, Mechanic Chacha (A-136) said that the boxes contained glass wares so they had to be carried carefully.
However, there appears to be a substantive increase in the number of acid attacks that are being committed in recent times due to various factors.
Three months were granted to take further consequential action.
It will be remembered that Rule 12 deals with persons who are eligible for commutation of their pension without medical examination, whereas Rule 18 deals with persons who are in receipt of pension or other amounts and who become eligible only on undergoing medical examination.
It is alleged that orders to buy and sell in respect of the scrip were placed by one Shrish Shah on behalf of the client Indumati Goda and such circular trading amongst the 4 brokers continued for a period of 38 days resulting in a huge and voluminous trading in the illiquid shares thereby artificially raising its price in the market.
Union of India42 wherein it has been held that appellate order having been passed by a Civil Court, constituted under a special statute subordinate to the High Court though made final under the Act, it is amenable to revisional jurisdiction of the High Court under Section 115 of the Code of Civil Procedure.
Accordingly, SCM by the CO of 1 TB ASC Centre, Gaya was legally incompetent and non-est.
Having chosen a path of your own fascination, pursue it with passion and seriousness.
They found their bodies lying in Malaprabha river.
This Circular takes note of the judgment of this Court in Nawanshahar case wherein it is held that investments made by a banking concern are part of the business or banking.
In such circumstances, we direct the Joint Registrar, Co-operative Societies, Sagar to put the Board of Directors back in office so as to complete the period during which they were out of office.
Egg appears greenish and looks like tough marble.
It is agreed that in the first case the result of the election is not materially affected because if all the wasted votes are added to the votes of the candidate securing the highest votes, it will make no difference to the result and the returned candidate will retain the seat.
Appointment of CVO & Vigilance order.
If financial resources are not made available for the welfare of the children we shudder to think what could be better utilization of the funds.
One of them was to be appointed by the President in consultation with the Chief Justice of India, and the other, in consultation with the Prime Minister.
Service tax is not payable on value of goods and material supplied while providing services. Such exclusion is permissible only if Cenvat credit on such goods and material is not taken.
On November 30, 2014, the President will inaugurate the 1st Vivekananda Memorial Building at Ramakrishna Ashrama, Rampur, Kalahandi.
In sum, the ‗act‘ is treated either in accord with nature or against the order of nature in terms of societal perception.
The Society has been deregistered, there is only one service thereafter and thus there is functional integration.
Firstly, the classification must be founded on the intelligible differentia which distinguishes persons or things that are grouped together from others left out of the group.
The complainant’s allegation of the defamatory material published in the newspaper against him, even if it is established, can only be sustained against the editor of the newspaper and not the owner of the newspaper.
Experience in the present batch of cases has amply demonstrated that difficulty.
Provided that different qualifications may be prescribed for valuers of different classes of assets.
Such departmental proceedings, if not instituted while the Government Servant was on duty either before retirement or during re-employment.
In our opinion, the question must be answered in the negative.
He submits that it was not incumbent on the MM to look into the inspection report which would be proved in accordance with law at the time of trial.
For detailed interpretation Applied Linguistics view.
The coal, which has been seized by the State in illegal transportation or illegal mining for which different cases have been registered by the State, is not to be dealt with as directed above.
This shall, however, not affect those who are already designated as 'Professor'.
In short, it was held that the vendors having not performed their obligations under the agreement, they could not approach the court for rescinding the agreement on the ground that the purchaser had not deposited the balance amount.
In short, it was held that the vendors having not performed their obligations under the agreement, they could not approach the court for rescinding the agreement on the ground that the purchaser had not deposited the balance amount.
Co. (supra), an illustration was given that when a dealer fits tyres supplied by him to the car of the customer, it would tantamount to sale of the tyres by the dealer to the customer.
It is submitted that SEIAAs/SEACs comprises of members who are well qualified and have requisite expertise in various sectors to examine, appraise the projects and recommend them for grant of Environmental Clearance imposing all suitable environmental conditions to ensure sustainable environmental management.
Defendant No.1 is the main brain behind the serious fraud that has been perpetuated upon the Plaintiffs and the prima donna, mind, body, soul and controlling entity of all other defendants to this suit.
They had adulterated the liquor with methyl alcohol which contained methanol poison and had sold it through their agents to the customers.
There is no express provision in these two sections laying down that the authority hearing objections must come to some finding of fact as a condition precedent to its final order.
The unseasonal rains have not caused too much damage to the Gardens.
132) It is seen that except the appellant, the recording officer (PW-492) asked all the persons to leave the Chamber and there was no one who could hear and see the proceedings of the same.
J. (A.M. KHANWILKAR) ..
In certain exceptional cases, the court has, in view of the material placed before it, directed that the order of anticipatory bail will remain in operation only for a week or so until after the filing of the FIR in respect of matters covered by the order.
To the extent possible, linkaged/associate companies would be grouped in the blocks sought by them.
The sole issue raised in this appeal is regarding the scope and application of doctrine of double jeopardy.
During their stay in Manila both her husband and she were intimately associated with Mother Teresa 's work in the Philippines.
While a long term relationship is not a threshold requirement, duration is a significant factor.
While a long term relationship is not a threshold requirement, duration is a significant factor.
In the event of foreign contractor, the arbitration shall be conducted by three arbitrators, one each to be nominated by the owner and the contractor and the third to be named by the President of the International Chamber of Commerce, Paris.
This Court, in an appeal against the judgment of the High Court rejecting the petition for compassionate appointment, observed that the officer who had enquired into the matter in pursuance of the order of the learned Single Judge completely omitted to furnish any report on the points which were required by the High Court to be investigated.
This Court, in an appeal against the judgment of the High Court rejecting the petition for compassionate appointment, observed that the officer who had enquired into the matter in pursuance of the order of the learned Single Judge completely omitted to furnish any report on the points which were required by the High Court to be investigated.
President Pranab Mukherjee visited the Ho Chi Minh’s Residential Complex and laid wreath at the Memorial of National Heroes and Martyrs.
The President said there exists a positive correlation between the extent of liberalization and growth in different service subsectors in India.
The parameters laid down for the admissibility of admissions/confessions are, however, separately provided for under the , and as such, the determination of admissibility of one (admissions/confessions) is clearly distinguishable from the other (facts in issue/relevant facts).
The programme organized jointly by the Rashtrapati Bhavan and the Government of Kerala was attended by a large number of dignitaries including Shri Mohd Hamid Ansari, Vice President of India, Shri Justice P Sathasivam, Governor of Kerala, Shri Pinarayi Vijayan, Chief Minister of Kerala, Shri Justice Mohan M Shantanagoud AR, Acting Chief Justice, Kerala High Court, Ministers from Kerala, Members of Parliament, Ambassadors of Gulf countries, Justice KG Balakrishnan, former Chief Justice of India, CPM General Secretary Shri Sitaram Yechuri, CPI General Secretary Shri Sudhakar Reddy, Shri Prakash Karat and Smt. Brinda Karat, Members of the CPM Politburo etc.
The prosecution had made the witness available for test identification but the concerned accused had refused to participate in the test.
In fact, the learned counsel for the respondents had advanced a contention that this document was created/concocted for the purpose of defence in the criminal case.
Since the Revenue originally relied on fixed place of business PE, this will be tackled first.
Though the RERA has come into force after the mortgage had been created, the intendment of RERA is that after the execution of the agreement no such mortgage or charge should be created.
It was observed in order dated 22.11.2004, that societies were being sold and bought by builders in Delhi.
It is also pertinent to note here that the appellant had paid the premium amount of Rs.1,200/- per sq.m.
If nothing is heard during that time also, the preferential right under the rule will be regarded as forfeited.
Such findings are absolutely perverse.
In the case at hand, the Special Court not only entertained the contention urged on behalf of the accused about the invalidity of the order of sanction but found that the authority issuing the said order was incompetent to grant sanction.
For well over twelve years, the Fourth respondent has been placed senior to the Petitioners.
The trial court, however, was not convinced by this argument.
The Committee, after surveying various sites, selected Kudankulam in the Tirunelveli District of Tamil Nadu as the most suitable place for locating NPP.
Dated: 26.08.2014 The Special Secretary (Health) to the Govt. of Himachal Pradesh.
Merely because the matter of conviction of the appellant had come up to this Court would not mean that the appellant has to be relegated to this Court every time, even when he is seeking the reliefs unconnected with the main conviction.
However, they have not led any specific evidence to show the loss.
Theoretical models of crop - weather relationship enable to understand, quantitatively, the role played by weather elements on crop growth and yield.
The consideration was in the context of an application for substitution filed by the son of a convict who had challenged his conviction and sentence, but had expired during the pendency of the revision petition.
Under Form A-1, the LIFT installation contractor has to make a declaration as to the successful installation of the LIFT undertaken by it. .
In other words, mineral means mineral which was mined and not a new product created by using or processing the mineral mined.
There is a proposal to set up an Indian Emergency Management Authority (IEMA) at the national level to enable State Governments to operate emergency response centers for promoting and enhancing public safety by providing legal, financial and administrative policy framework.
Enable integration across Centre, State or Local Governments there by enabling Integrated Service Delivery and a Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) leading to joined up government.
Having found that the appellants employees concerned are backdoor appointees as held by the learned Judges in the impugned orders and they have no right to their posts, we are now required to consider the submissions advanced on behalf of the appellants that the impugned orders should be set aside because the termination orders were issued by the various Superintendent of Police not of their own free will but rather under the directions of the higher authorities including the State Government and that principles of natural justice were not within relation to some of the petitioners/appellants.
Inviting this Court’s attention to the intervention at the instance of this Court, in compliance whereof the parties had made a last ditch effort to live together, and had actually taken up residence in an independent flat in Hyderabad on 29.9.2011, it was pointed out, that they could not persuade themselves into a relationship of cordiality.
Therefore, failure to seize the vest of the complainant had no significance.
The deceased Santhakumar was instructed to get himself tested for AIDS and other such diseases, which he refused outright.
The deceased Santhakumar was instructed to get himself tested for AIDS and other such diseases, which he refused outright.
The punishment provided under sub-section (2) is imprisonment for a maximum period of 6 months or fine or both.
The armed forces of the Union could be deployed for situations of law and order (although this would be extremely unusual and rare) as also for humanitarian aid such as in the event of an earthquake or floods, should it be necessary, in aid of the civil power.
But by the passage of time, considerations of necessity and expediency would be obliterated, and the grounds which justified classification of geographical regions for historical reasons may cease to be valid.
A conviction or acquittal by a trial court is only a step amongst the several steps in which a criminal case has to pass through.
The intrinsic character is different.
Thus, mediation being a form of Alternative Dispute Resolution is a shift from adversarial litigation.
Clearly therefore on the assumption that the music/picture embedded in the master tape is inextricably bound with the copyright thereof, the copyright is not “used  by the appellant while selling the duplicate CDs to the distributor.
The scheme also prescribes the steps to be taken for filling up the vacant Regular posts.
Any sick industrial company as defined in Clause (0) of Sub - Section (1) of Section 3 of the sick industrial companies (special provisions) Act 1985 and which has been declared as such by the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction.
Criminal Case Nos. 9996 of 2012 and 15283 of 2012 respectively whereby the High Court granted anticipatory bail to the respondents herein.
He further pointed out that in point of fact, objections were taken at a pre-tender stage by certain would be tenderers, and after considering those objections, the authority made it clear that the PWD Circular dated 12.02.2016, together with corrigenda issued thereafter, would make it clear that this is a material condition which cannot be changed.
Out of 150 electronic detonators, one is marked to (three) and the remaining 149 were forwarded to the Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad (BDDS) for defusal.
On a perusal of the McDermott case (supra), it is observed that the substantive proposition of that case did not address the issue on the power of the tribunal to award 'interest on interest' or compound interest.
There is no reason much less a cogent one suggested to us for rejecting the deposition of this witness who has testified that after the incident of altercation between the two parties the accused has been supplying milk to the witness as he is also in the same business.
There is no reason much less a cogent one suggested to us for rejecting the deposition of this witness who has testified that after the incident of altercation between the two parties the accused has been supplying milk to the witness as he is also in the same business.
The simplicity of the bungalow’s exterior was made up for by the grandeur of its interiors.
Several contentions have been raised on merits.
The High Court, in its wisdom, awarded the compensation of five (5) years’ back- wages on the last pay drawn.
The same were already on record.
The language of this notification did not lay down that the public hearing was a must.
The first year's performance of Bandhan Bank is encouraging.
That is not permissible.
India looks forward to intensifying joint efforts to build on mutual goodwill and growing synergies to further strengthen relationship between India and Korea.
The reasons are not far too seek and may be stated right away.
The work of these Committees is of continuous nature.
The trial shall proceed in accordance with law, that is to say under the Act of 1952 as mentioned hereinbefore.
Therefore, a Constitutional Court, while adhering to the language employed in the provision, should not abandon the concept of the intention, spirit, the holistic approach and the constitutional legitimate expectation which combinedly project a magnificent facet of purposive interpretation.
Therefore, a Constitutional Court, while adhering to the language employed in the provision, should not abandon the concept of the intention, spirit, the holistic approach and the constitutional legitimate expectation which combinedly project a magnificent facet of purposive interpretation.
He has handed over a compilation of documents or incriminatory material collected during the investigation allegedly showing the involvement of the concerned accused, for our perusal.
He has handed over a compilation of documents or incriminatory material collected during the investigation allegedly showing the involvement of the concerned accused, for our perusal.
If a person stays alive thanks to medical advances, is that really “natural ?...
The dispute pertains to the goods manufactured with the application of air covering process.
You can search yours and your family members name in electoral rolls, whether that has included or not.
The Gram Sabha should again ensure that 30% of the beneficiaries belong to SC/ST (SC 29% and ST 1%) communities.
This court further went on to state that by using the expression “derived from  Parliament intended to cover sources not beyond the first degree.
Clause (b) of sub-section (6) indicates that Joint Commissioner, in appropriate cases, may pass an order for deferment of Assessment Order to be passed by the Assessing Authority and once such an order is passed, that period has not to be counted while computing the period of limitation.
In default, they have to undergo three months’ rigorous imprisonment.
A picture of a nude/semi-nude woman, as such, cannot per se be called obscene unless it has the tendency to arouse feeling or revealing an overt sexual desire.
It is cautioned that our Bank abandoned the said website and is not related or connected in any way with the said website.
The bitten area should not be put into the mouth.
The DTC also denied that there is a construction on the flood plains of Yamuna River.
Many modern Constitutions incorporate certain fundamental rights, including the one relating to personal freedom.
It is for the appropriate authority and not for the Courts to consider the policy, which must depend on diverse considerations, to be adopted in regard to the control of import of goods.
It is for the appropriate authority and not for the Courts to consider the policy, which must depend on diverse considerations, to be adopted in regard to the control of import of goods.
It was pointed out by learned counsel that the parties had agreed that the arbitration proceedings could be conducted either in accordance with the rules and procedures of the ICC or UNCITRAL.
In our opinion, the learned Registrar has duly affirmed the veracity and bona fide nature of the certificates adduced by the schools attended by the Appellant.
In this context, we are presently making the recommendation for making the offence of criminal conspiracy under Section 120-B IPC as compoundable provided it relates to other compoundable offences and to amend sub-section (3) of Section 320 accordingly.
After about a month or more, depending on the amount of rain, the heap is given a final turning on a cloudy day.
Reserve Bank of India, therefore, has the requisite power to issue direction to banks in relation to discounting and rediscounting of bills of exchange and those directions issued by Reserve Bank of India have statutory force and, thus, can be termed as law in force.
Reserve Bank of India, therefore, has the requisite power to issue direction to banks in relation to discounting and rediscounting of bills of exchange and those directions issued by Reserve Bank of India have statutory force and, thus, can be termed as law in force.
Speaking on the occasion the Secretary said several initiatives have been taken in the President’s Secretariat, especially for women, to make them realize their dreams by empowering them.
The announcement came on the radio after the judgment was pronounced and it resulted in the supersession of the three senior judges.
It is contented by learned ASG appearing for the State of Chhattisgarh that the recording of first information under in the ‘book’ is subsequent to the entry in the General Diary/Station Diary/Daily Diary, which is maintained in police station.
Our affirmation, that international conventions and declarations are not binding to the extent they are in conflict with domestic laws, can be traced from a series of judgments rendered by this Court on the subject.
No.2 – Surajmal is stated to have signed for himself and for respondent No.1 – Parmanand.
Currently, there are 41 State Agricultural Universities in India.
The State Government has framed the Rules thereafter.
5 The Trial Court heard all three petitions together and examined the evidence submitted by the parties at length.
Consequently, on 6.3.2014, the President of the United States issued Executive Order 13660, pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act and the National Emergencies Act.
A right to file a complaint under Section 498A is specifically preserved under Section 5 of the Act. 15.1 An interplay of the provisions of this Act and the proceedings under s.498A assumes some relevance on two aspects: (1) Seeking Magistrate’s expeditious intervention by way of passing a protective interim order to prevent secondary victimization of a complainant who has lodged FIR under s.498A. (2) Paving the way for the process of counselling under the supervision of Magistrate at the earliest opportunity.
The Deputy Commissioner may, for the recovery of an arrear, order the attachment and sale of so much of a defaulter's moveable property as will as nearly as may be defray the arrear.
In addition, Dr. S. Satyanarayan (PW-77) who conducted the post-mortem on the dead body of Captain M.S. Bhinder was also recorded.
The right not to accept medical treatment is essential to liberty.
As is a matter of record in the press, there was one occasion when, as Lord Chancellor, I sought to use these powers.
All ER 385 [HL], where Lord Hoffmann cautioned thus: This doctrine does not however mean that one can construe the language of an old statute to mean something conceptually different from what the contemporary evidence shows that Parliament must have intended.
That report is a solitary piece in support of its submissions of having started manufacturing activity.
Adjudicative resolution of complex federal problems is never satisfactory.
In other words, the artificial distinction merely takes the husband of the girl child out of the clutches of the while retaining him within the clutches of the POCSO Act.
The Respondents are her tenants.
The conclusions were based on untested materials, and the writ petitioners had not established them by evidence.
The learned Single Judge of the Madras High Court dismissed both these applications.
Pension to RRBs on the lines of Nationalised banks in lieu of Contributory Provident Fund.
This Court considered the question whether the addition would fall under the meaning of the term “other taxes  within the meaning of (ii) which excluded the amount of other taxes payable on such goods from value.
The disputes that arise in rural areas are largely related to ownership and possession of agricultural land, problems of cultivation, boundary disputes, land records, petty family and property disputes.
In 1919, the subject of co - operation was transferred to the provinces and most of the provinces enacted their own laws to regulate the working of co - operative societies.
But that method of collecting the tax is an accident of administration; it is not of the essence of the duty of excise, which is attracted by the manufacture itself.
But that method of collecting the tax is an accident of administration; it is not of the essence of the duty of excise, which is attracted by the manufacture itself.
The three distinct grounds on public interest, found by the High Court, are more than sufficient to sustain the impugned Central Government order.
Experience shows and law reports bear ample testimony that the proceedings under that Act have become highly technical accompanied by unending prolixity, at every stage providing a legal trap to the unwary.
As to period of statute of limitation in a continuing offence, the last act of the offence controls for commencement of the period.
Correctional treatment with a rehabilitative orientation may be an imperative of modern penology.
No action under sub-section (1) shall be approved by the committee of creditors unless approved by a vote of sixty-six per cent of the voting shares.
Ex-P/1 refers to Somapalli Kotaiah as an assailant but his name does not figure in the charge-sheet as an accused.
No other diagnostic absorption due to other alteration mineral was noticed.
The authors go on to say that exemplary damages certainly enjoy a continuing vitality in other common law jurisdictions, which, by and large, have rejected the various shackles imposed on them in England and extended them to other situations, thus punitive damages were held to be available in Australia in cases of “outrageous  acts of negligence.
The authors go on to say that exemplary damages certainly enjoy a continuing vitality in other common law jurisdictions, which, by and large, have rejected the various shackles imposed on them in England and extended them to other situations, thus punitive damages were held to be available in Australia in cases of “outrageous  acts of negligence.
The same came to be over-ruled by a three Judge Bench of this Court in the case of [2].
Approximately 85 percent of the mentally retarded population is in the mildly retarded category.
Since the bank pledges its own credit involving its reputation, it has no defence except in the case of fraud.
Vide order dated 31.5.2019, the learned Additional Sessions Judge-I, Mandi, dismissed the bail application on the ground that it is an heinous offence pertaining to theft and was also of the opinion that it was not a fit case where the petitioner could be enlarged on bail.
However, in a subsequent communication dated 26.07.2010, the respondent informed the appellant that to maintain parity necessary modification in the terms and conditions of the MoU dated 17.8.2007 as approved by the Board of the respondent were communicated to the State Government for approval which was awaited and that on receipt of such approval, a fresh MoU may have to be executed.
Following this turn of events, according to the prosecution, his wife Surjit Kaur and his daughters shifted from Jalalabad where they used to stay to Abohar and started residing in a rented house of one Hansraj (PW3).
Learned senior counsel referred to affidavits filed by Shri Amar Nath Mohanty, Assistant General Manager, EHT(Construction) before the High Court to show that none of the three alternative proposals were feasible.
Learned senior counsel referred to affidavits filed by Shri Amar Nath Mohanty, Assistant General Manager, EHT(Construction) before the High Court to show that none of the three alternative proposals were feasible.
Our Protocol on co-operation in the field of Blue Economy is a major step in the conservation and sustainable use of Indian Ocean resources.
A common theme which flows in all these opinions is that that privacy recognises the autonomy of the individual; every person has right to make essential choices which affect the course of life; he has to be given full liberty and freedom in order to achieve his desired goals of life; and the concept of privacy is contained not merely in personal liberty, but also in the dignity of the individual.
After considering the material on record and rival submissions the High Court by its judgment and order dated 16.02.2009, which is presently under appeal, affirmed the conviction and sentence of A2 Jivraj Badha, appellant herein and dismissed his appeal.
Rescheduling its loans.
We have gone through the record and considered the relevant material.
We shall endeavour to deal with the constitutional connotation of the instant issue, in the following paragraphs.
There are essentially two points that arise for our consideration in this case.
In para 9, the extent of percentage to which the relaxation could be granted in the qualifying marks for TET was not stipulated and it was mentioned that the State Governments could give such concessions in accordance with their extant reservation policy.
The position in the instant case is, however, different.
Before granting approval the antecedents of the person proposed to be accredited should, if possible, be verified.
Before granting approval the antecedents of the person proposed to be accredited should, if possible, be verified.
However, the Finance Minister forwarded only the name of Mr. Sinha to the ACC for approval.
Alibaugh on 31.01.1993 where other gang members also joined them.
The learned senior counsel for the Respondents relied upon the judgment of a full Bench of the High Court of Bombay in Narayandas Mangilal Dayame case (supra) wherein the constitutional validity of Section 4 of Bombay Prevention of Hindu Bigamous Marriage Act was considered.
India is a founding member of the Commonwealth and its largest member state, being home to nearly 60% of the total population of the association.
This Court referred to [700] and [701] in both of which it was held that if a statutory rule substitutes a rule and the new rule is struck down or declared invalid, the substituted or old rule does not revive since it ceased to exist on its substitution.
They, however, refused to comply, with the requirement that participants in these programs furnish their state welfare agencies with the Social Security numbers of the members of their household as a condition of receiving benefits.
On 27.12.2007 licence Nos.283 and 284 were issued by the State Government for setting up a housing society.
The works of the tenth plaintiff too come with a copyright territory notice on the covers, which states that the works are meant for sale only in India, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Pakistan, Nepal, Sri Lanka and Maldives.
He planted them on field bunds and on the sides of the pond.
Despite repeated opportunities granted to the prosecution, PWs such as complainant failed to appear before the court and hence as sufficient opportunities were already granted to the prosecution to examine the witnesses, no further opportunity was required.
In the circumstances, although we do not approve the action of the State Government, and hold it to be clearly arbitrary and untenable, we are of the view that the aforesaid order will be appropriate to do complete justice in the matter.
In the circumstances, although we do not approve the action of the State Government, and hold it to be clearly arbitrary and untenable, we are of the view that the aforesaid order will be appropriate to do complete justice in the matter.
Such an application for grant of leave to amend the plaint as also the requisite amount of court fees should be tendered within four weeks from date.
Conspiracy is a clandestine activity.
An exceptional power given to the Governor to make Ordinances in extra-ordinary situations had, in the manner of its exercise, taken over the primary law making function of the legislature in the state.
The Forty-fourth Constitution Amendment added another proviso to so that the “President may require the Council of Ministers to reconsider such advice, either generally or otherwise, and the President shall act in accordance with the advice tendered after such reconsideration .
Although learned counsel for SEBI has admitted that there is no difference between fraud and unfair trade practice under regulation 4 (1), but we are of the opinion that such submission may not be conclusive.
Sub-clause (iii) of clause (2) provides that one member who is a serving officer of the distribution licensee or a retired person having at least 10 years of experience in Accounting out of which at least 5 years in revenue matters and having served not below the rank of Senior Accounts Officer.
In result, all the appeals filed by the Revenue are dismissed.
For implementation of OBE programme, the NIOS has partnership with about 853 Agencies providing facilities at their study centres.
State - of - the - art facilities, pleasant environs, proven methodologies supported by modern academic infrastructure, experienced faculty, expert consultants and resource persons and above all, decades of experience complemented by a modern and creative outlook, have given a new definition to the standard of services provided by the Institute.
The President said that Bhutan has in the last five years completed a historical transition to democratic and constitutional monarchy.
Then SLP [C] No.3558/1999 was filed in this Court which has been dismissed by a speaking order affirming the judgment and order passed by the executing court and the High Court.
The acquittal of accused No.4 was, however, affirmed by the High Court.
Act as a window to provide information to Diaspora about education facilities, health facilities available in Karnataka and other information of interest to the Diaspora.
Unless this is done, no compensation can be claimed.
As such, the validity of that order has to be judged treating it to be an order deemed to have been passed in purported exercise of the power conferred on the Court by Rule 3 of Order 23 of the Code.
As such, the validity of that order has to be judged treating it to be an order deemed to have been passed in purported exercise of the power conferred on the Court by Rule 3 of Order 23 of the Code.
As mentioned supra, since in the case on hand, this basic requirement in relation to cause of action is not made out, the defendants (appellants herein) are not entitled to raise a plea of bar contained in Order II Rule 2 of CPC to successfully non suit the plaintiff from prosecuting her suit for specific performance of the agreement against the defendants.
The learned Single Judge of the High Court by order dated 10 th August, 2017 acceded to the prayer so made by the appellant.
For coking coal Washery Grade IV the rate of royalty is Rs.95/- per ton.
For coking coal Washery Grade IV the rate of royalty is Rs.95/- per ton.
In view of the long lapse of time, the trial Court is requested to expedite the matter and decide the suit again expeditiously.
The submissions advanced by the learned counsel for the petitioner, that there is no provision, whereunder, an order of arrest and detention can be passed, for the execution of a money-decree, cannot therefore be accepted.
And that, the power of amendment could be exercised even for trial and error, inasmuch as opportunity had to be allowed for vindicating reasonable belief by experience (paragraph 1535).
As per the terms of the agreement the possession of the suit property including the building was handed over to Smt. Ram Pyari Nagpal on the date of agreement itself.
It would not show that such statement was made by the deceased and it would have ordinarily emanated from those accompanying her.
If it is proved that the document is forged and fabricated and a declaration to that effect is given, a transaction becomes void from the very beginning.
This inter alia empowers the Directors of Grievances to call for files / reports and take decisions or review decisions already taken, in consultation with Secretary / HOD even in those areas which do not fall within his / her domain / charge.
In some cases, indulgence in the illegal act or legal act by illegal means may be inferred from the knowledge itself.
PW-57/A, and passed on the said DD to PW-74, SI Subhash Chand, who was on emergency duty that night at P.S. Vasant Vihar.
The State of Assam through the Principal Secretary, Forest and Environment Department Government of Assam, Dispur.
On the other hand, if the direction of the High Court is followed, the first x number of candidates get seats according to merit against the reserved seats but the remaining 5 will also have to be 'adjusted' against the open seats of regular candidates.
Let us first examine the legal consequences of a “deeming provision .
The defendant nos.2 to 6 have alternatively pleaded that they are in possession of Ac.0.55 dec. of land since the date of purchase to the knowledge of all and as such perfected title by way of adverse possession.
On the other hand, makes an express declaration of vesting in the Union of India of all minerals and other things of value underlying the ocean.
We find that all the six Co-Operative Societies against whom the afore-mentioned FIRs were registered are different, their members are different, their area of operation is different, the lands which were sold/transferred are also situated in different areas, the lands were also sold/transferred to different parties on different dates for different sums, the accounting books are different, the persons involved in the falsification of the accounts of every Society are different etc.
It is time that unnatural deaths of children in child care institutions are seriously looked into by all concerned if we are to provide the children of our country with a better future.
We therefore find that these petitions relating to the validity of the NTT Act and the challenge to raise issues which did not arise in the two civil appeals.
I am confident that BIT Mesra will continue to work towards building the nation’s capabilities in advanced technology, high quality education, and research in areas aligned to our industrial, social and academic needs.
Trainings on Safety, Health and Environment are regularly imparted to its employees and other personnel working at the locations.
This is a factor that ought to have been placed before the Trial Judge and while we could certainly take this into consideration, we hesitate to do so in view of some uncertainty in this regard.
The Division Bench of the High Court extensively considered the contentions of the parties and declared that , insofar as it criminalises consensual sexual acts of adults in private is violative of Articles 21, 14 and 15 of the Constitution.
The appellant must serve a minimum of 35 years in jail without remission, before consideration of his case for pre-mature release.
The sensitive and the vigorous among them become each a human laboratory, which purifies the fundamental values relating them afresh to the central idea; stimulates them to meet the needs of the times; reintegrate the subsidiary values with the fresh vigour of the new interpretation and shapes the traditions and institutions not only without impairing the strength of the collective will, but by giving it a new edge.
Originally such guidelines were meant only to enable the CREDITORS to have a rational view of their 'assets'/'financial assets' for the better administration of their funds and the banking business.
Fasteners are used in almost all engineering and chemical industries.
The President said standards of education in the country must be improved and education made affordable for meritorious students from all backgrounds.
Government of India supports exporters through incentives and schemes to promote Indian export as well as by entering into beneficial trade agreements with governments of foreign countries and international trade organisations.
When there is propagation of ideas, opinions and information of public interest or profit, the approach to the problem may become different because then the interest of society may tilt the scales in favour of free speech and expression.
According to the learned counsel for the appellant, having regard to the fact that the transfer of the granted land was made after the expiry of the prohibited period and before the coming into force of the Act, such transfer could not be hit by the provisions contained in Section 4(2) of the Act.
I am accompanied by H’ble Minister of Social Justice and Empowerment, Shri Thawar Chand Gehlot, distinguished Members of the Indian Parliament, Vice Chancellors of eminent Indian Universities and senior officers of the Government of India.
The petitioner would term this case to be “a proof of worst ugly look of Indian democracy .
This principle, as developed by the courts, has two very similar but not identical implications.
Although, in the present matter, sale instances around or near abouts the date of Notification of the present acquisition are available yet these cannot justify or explain the potential of a particular piece of land on the date of acquisition as the potential can be recognized only some time in the future and it is open to a landowner claimant to contend that the potential can be examined first at the time of the Section 18 Reference, the first Appeal in the High Court or in the Supreme Court in appeal as well.
In the instant case, the High Court took the view that there was no probability that the accused would not commit criminal acts of violence and would constitute a continuing threat to the society and there would be no probability that the accused could be reformed or rehabilitated…….
Frequent pulling and bending of the tail causes extreme pain and may lead to a dislocation and/or fracture of the tail vertebrae.
Ability to secure evidence thus forms the most important aspect in ensuring the triumph of truth and justice.
In the facts aforenoticed, in any event, the petitioner is unable to also support the plea of prejudice by the procedure followed in the enquiry.
In the instant case, after issuance of the prohibition notification dated 17th March, 1993 under Section 10(1) of the CLRA Act having being published, in our considered view, the provisions of the CLRA Act or CLRA Central Rules, 1971 framed thereunder would not be available to either of the party to strengthen its claim.
The beauty of the clean water and the greenery around will leave you spell bound.
The first two dying declarations were made in the Government Headquarter Hospital, Vijianagaram and the Magistrate had reached there on being called by the police.
One of the benefits enumerated in para 2005 sub clause(a) is also to make him eligible to count only half of the services rendered by him after attaining temporary status.
The most important witness is PW4-Bijula Devi, the wife of deceased Kailash Rai.
No evidence is led by the claimant to establish that the stipulated condition was by way of penalty or the compensation contemplated was, in any way, unreasonable.
Hence, this appeal is filed by the appellant-Corporation seeking to set aside the impugned judgment and order of the High Court.
Robust bonds bind our two countries, not the least, a steadfast devotion to democratic values and a fundamental commitment to global peace and non - violence.
However, we hasten to add that it is always open for the High Court, in appropriate cases, to hold that a writ petition is not entertainable on account of propriety, constitutional scheme, some settled rules of self-restraint or its peculiar facts.
In the meeting, he agreed to participate in the conspiracy because Tiger aroused his religious feelings mentioning about communal riots and demolition of the Babri Masjid.
In the meeting, he agreed to participate in the conspiracy because Tiger aroused his religious feelings mentioning about communal riots and demolition of the Babri Masjid.
I compliment O. P. Jindal Global University for choosing a subject of such topical relevance and importance for the country for this conference that is being held today.
It is now a part of our life.
Rules obliged the Central Government to prepare annual estimates of capital and recurring expenditure for carrying out the provisions of the Act for a period of 5 years.
It is thus, contended that acquisition of lands in the instant case is violative of both the statutory provisions of law as well as the law laid down by this Court.
Other unknown public servants and private persons.
The Court stated that all the four clauses of are not in terms made subject to the provisions contained in Part III.
Submissions advanced by the appellant in the review petition were considered by the punishing authority, whereupon, by an order dated 1.8.2007 the review petition came to be rejected.
Famines kill millions of people in different countries in the world, but they don’t kill the rulers.
By the impugned judgment and order dated 1st November, 2004 the High Court remanded the matter relating to the regularization of the respondents to the Director of Education for passing a speaking order after considering the provisions of Section 31- C of the Act.
OFB surely can make the nation self-reliant in 155x52 Calibre gun systems.
In the absence of a statutory provision, however, a commercial corporation acting on its own behalf, even though it is controlled wholly or partially by a Government Department, will be ordinarily presumed not to be a servant or agent of the State.
In the absence of a statutory provision, however, a commercial corporation acting on its own behalf, even though it is controlled wholly or partially by a Government Department, will be ordinarily presumed not to be a servant or agent of the State.
On seeing the incident, PW-3 -Fatik Chandra Debnath rushed to the place of incident and raised alarm.
Bearing in mind the broad scenario, few aspects are required to be harped upon.
The analysis of the Report makes it clear that the main provision in applies to “virgin areas .
According to the PIL petitioner/contesting respondent herein the value of such land cannot be said to be less than 3,500/- crores.
It requires huge resources but, more importantly, it requires judicious use of these resources so that we obtain optimal outcomes from these resources.
A plain construction of the provisions of clause (a) and clause (b) of would indicate that clause (a) is not exhaustive of the universe of taxing legislation insofar as the state legislatures are concerned.
In such a matter, for promotion of justice or to prevent injustice or abuse of process, the High Court may look into the materials which have significant bearing on the matter at prima facie stage.
Apart from the above, it was also pointed out that the grants which are received by the University are not from the UGC, but from the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR).
I invited their Majesties King Abdullah and Queen Rania to pay a State visit to India at the earliest opportunity, which was accepted graciously.
In my view, since the respondent no.4 society is not a 'Housing Society' and was not registered as 'Housing Society' but was registered as premises co-operative society with sub- classification 'General Type' under Rule 10, Clause 9 of MCS Rules, Section 73CB(14) of the MCS Act clearly attracted to the respondent no.4 society.
Quite apart from that, all the accused persons have almost spent thirteen years in custody.
Quite apart from that, all the accused persons have almost spent thirteen years in custody.
Category ‘B’ projects will require prior environmental clearance from the SEIAA, based on the recommendations of the SEAC.
Many a time strict application of service rules create a situation where a particular individual or a set of individuals may suffer undue hardship and further there may be a situation where requisite qualified persons may not be available for appointment to the service.
They are also empowered to look at fresh evidence, which was not placed before the courts.
Legislature has also to enact legislation to meet specific ends by making a reasonable and rational classification..'.
The High Court or the Sessions Court is bound to cancel such bail orders particularly when they are passed releasing accused involved in heinous crimes because they ultimately result in weakening the prosecution case and have adverse impact on the society.
R.A. Rasheed himself was kept in dark throughout as services of all the processes were made to appear, as though R.A. Rasheed had refused them.
The laptop of Mr. Shubhendu Amitabh, Group Executive President was seized during the raid.
Looking at the question in this way it would seem that sin of Gomorrah is no less carnal intercourse than the sin of sodomy'.
Ashwani Kumar Taneja6 followed the same principle.
Viewed in the proper perspective, a mosque does not enjoy any additional protection which is not available to religious places of worship of other religions.
In the context of arbitration, neutrality of arbitrators, viz. their independence and impartiality, is critical to the entire process.
But on the other hand, by reading the averments from the paragraphs extracted from the affidavit of respondent No.1, the driver would support the case of the appellants.
But on the other hand, by reading the averments from the paragraphs extracted from the affidavit of respondent No.1, the driver would support the case of the appellants.
That apart none of the reasons which weighed in the report of the Hon’ble Minister reflected the true facts.
The opinion to be formed by the medical practitioners is to be in good faith.
The right to mortgage, hypothecate or to execute such covenants as may be required for effectively vesting a charge on the port assets in favour of a lender to the project.
Such regulations and conditions may be made as to favour the goods produced in the Unit and therefore, the words 'and under regulations and conditions which are non- discriminatory' have to be added, so that conditions must not be such as to force up the price of the goods imported.
A review petition, it must be remembered has a limited purpose and cannot be allowed to be ‘an appeal in disguise’.
In the event of termination of the agreement, investments made prior to the termination will continue to enjoy the provisions of the agreement for a further period of 15 years.
PW-91, recovered five plastic jars containing explosives and detonators from the lavatory in the courtyard of the accused.
The fact that it may not have been established to the satisfaction of the court, that it was jointly prepared with Dr. Baisya, does not detract from its contents or admissibility of the same.
On considering the scheme of the Constitution, the power of Union and State are parallel.
From Ram Gopal’s house currency notes worth Rs.41,900/- were recovered from the possession of Puran Mal.
It was probably due to that reason that serial no. 15 and 16, direct recruits were shown above the out of turn promotees and direct recruits.
The Aviation industry has grown world over and India is no exception.
Death sentences are converted to terms of imprisonment.
The candidate must take the minimum effort to explicitly remark as ‗NIL‘ or ‗Not Applicable‘ or ‗Not known‘ in the columns and not to leave the particulars blank.
Ashrafi's case arising out of RFA No.99 of 1997 decided by the Punjab & Haryana High Court on 21st May, 2007, along with several other similar appeals, the Land Acquisition Collector awarded compensation at the rate of Rs.3,50,000/- per acre for 'chahi' lands and Rs.1,50,000/- per acre for other lands.
My Government is committed to realizing the true potential of entrepreneurs of India by nurturing the MSME sector.
Explanation 1 - A Commercial Dispute shall not cease to be a Commercial Dispute merely because it also involves action for recovery of immovable property or for realization of monies out of immovable property given as security or involves any other relief pertaining to immovable property.
It also provides for suspension and infliction of some punishments.
In view of the fact that the http://www.judis.nic.in resignation of the writ petitioner was accepted by the authority competent on 18.01.1979, she is not entitled for any pensionary benefits in view of the express bar contemplated in Rule 23 of the Rules.
Taking into account the modern trends in penology there are very rare cases where the courts impose a sentence of death and even if in some cases where such sentences are given, by the time the case reaches this Court, a bare minimum of the cases are left where death sentences are upheld.
Bank 's Rural Development Centres at Hadapsar and Bhigwan are undertaking vaious developmental activities for the benefit of the famers vi. Lab to Land project, reuse / rehabilitation of Saline Soil and advice on scientific use of inputs for optimum results.
The wild animals found in this Sanctuary are Tiger, Clouded leopard, Elephant, Guar, Barking deer, Sambar, Wild boar, Hoolock Gibbon, Rhesus macaque, Leaf monkey, Common langur, etc.
In his submission, the First Information Report was nothing but retro fitting done by the prosecution and was thus not believable at all.
The notice was founded on the allegations inter alia that the suit property was held under “old grant  which empowered the Union of India to resume the subject land.
Financial planning allows you to achieve various goals such as buying a new car, paying for health expenses, going on foreign vacations and living a financially secure life after retirement.
In reply affidavit, filed on behalf of State of Karala, it is, however, stated that Kerala SIC consists of a CSIC and and 5 Information Commissioners.
That explains why in some cases courts of appeal reverse conclusions of facts recorded by the trial Court on its appreciation of oral evidence.
Before I conclude, I will request you to continue with the journey of learning.
Child marriage is not only a violation of human rights, but is also recognized as an obstacle to the development of young people.
It is thus submitted that since the complainant kept quiet for 13 years after the incident and the complaint has been filed after 16 years, respondent No.2 having been convicted in the cross case, the prosecution of the appellants at this stage will be unfair and futile.
It is thus submitted that since the complainant kept quiet for 13 years after the incident and the complaint has been filed after 16 years, respondent No.2 having been convicted in the cross case, the prosecution of the appellants at this stage will be unfair and futile.
The said issue was also considered by the trial court and rejected.
In essence, thus the High Court fell in error in the lines similar to that of the Trial Court, the only variation in approach being reduction in the percentage of expenditure in household exigencies and investments in agricultural yields.
He submitted that there is no universally accepted definition of drought and if at all drought is to be considered as a factor for equitable apportionment, then Tamil Nadu too has a significant drought area.
He submitted that there is no universally accepted definition of drought and if at all drought is to be considered as a factor for equitable apportionment, then Tamil Nadu too has a significant drought area.
Coal was thereafter converted to coke.
Coal was thereafter converted to coke.
The said authority clearly lays down that Courts should interpret in a broad and generous spirit the document which contains the fundamental law of the land.
The appellant filed a petition for review before the High Court.
The appellant filed a petition for review before the High Court.
When the prosecutrix tried to shout, he inserted a piece of cloth (scarf) into her mouth to stifle her cries for help and committed forcible sexual intercourse with her.
This Court also agreed with the conclusion of the High Court that the provisions of the MPT Act cannot be so construed as to hold that the steamer agent has undertaken the responsibility for the safety of the goods till they are cleared by Customs and taken delivery of by the consignee.
This Court by its order dated 10.02.2014 issued notices to State of Gujarat as well as to the learned Solicitor General of India in aforesaid I.A. No.5 of 2013 and by subsequent order dated 02.02.2016, said application was allowed.
Since the water is stored within the aquifer, submergence of land can be avoided and land above the reservoir can be utilized even after the construction of the dam.
To elaborate, there cannot be any direction to the Chief Justice of India as to who shall be sitting on the Bench or who shall take up the matter as that touches the composition of the Bench.
To elaborate, there cannot be any direction to the Chief Justice of India as to who shall be sitting on the Bench or who shall take up the matter as that touches the composition of the Bench.
To elaborate, there cannot be any direction to the Chief Justice of India as to who shall be sitting on the Bench or who shall take up the matter as that touches the composition of the Bench.
We agree with the decision of Lord Keith in Airedale case_ that the approval of the High Court should be taken in this connection.
The post-mortem report would show that both upper limbs and lower limbs, that is, about 54% were burnt.
SCC 584, and a host of other decisions.
SCC 584, and a host of other decisions.
We have already referred to the decision in Bharat Sanchar (supra) wherein it has been clearly stated that the dominant nature test has no application.
The Court dealt with the case of admissions to postgraduate medical not that of MBBS/BDS course.
Therefore, the impugned judgment and order passed by the Division Bench of the High Court, learned Single Judge of the High Court and the learned Tribunal holding that the removal of the concerned employees was hit by Section 18 of the Act, cannot be sustained and the same deserves to be quashed and set aside.
Therefore, the impugned judgment and order passed by the Division Bench of the High Court, learned Single Judge of the High Court and the learned Tribunal holding that the removal of the concerned employees was hit by Section 18 of the Act, cannot be sustained and the same deserves to be quashed and set aside.
The Protection of Children from Sexual Offences, Act, 2012 (POCSO) is one of the most recent initiatives for protection of children in India.
Neither earlier nor now there is any obligations in a manufacturer to obtain a trade certificate under the 1989 Rules for carrying on the business of a manufacturer.
The Court also stated that Mahatma Gandhi gave to the Movement the philosophy of “Ahimsa .
A marriage may be valid (sahih), or irregular (fasid) or void from the beginning (batil).
However, for leaving the jurisdiction of this court for travel within India for treatment or for any other purpose relating to his illness, the petitioner shall intimate the trial Court in advance.
The child was in neutral environment and has done well in the school in all fields which instead of being appreciated by the appellant, she still wants that child be taken out from the School for which several tricks have been played by the appellant.
The child was in neutral environment and has done well in the school in all fields which instead of being appreciated by the appellant, she still wants that child be taken out from the School for which several tricks have been played by the appellant.
In such a situation, held the Court, the service conditions of academic staff were not purely of a private character as the staff had super-aided protection by University's decision creating a legal right and duty relationship between the staff and the management.
It is very surprising that when funds were borrowed a high rate of interest was paid ranging from 14 -18% to so called investors and the same investors were given loans to their group companies without charging any interest.
In its turn, the Madras Government was not to refuse such consent except on the failure of the Mysore Government to furnish full information regarding the proposed work to the Madras Government and if the grant of any such consent by the Madras Government would deprive its inhabitants of their protection of prescriptive rights already acquired and existent in accordance with law on the use of an inter-state river.
For it is when we understand what interests or entitlements privacy safeguards, that we can determine whether the Constitution protects privacy.
A.M. Kalaivani Ammal.
He specifically deposed that true and correct call records have been produced and there is no reason to disbelieve that.
The High Court also failed to notice the relevant fact and without going into the merit allowed the counsel to withdraw the writ petition merely on the basis of the finding of Inquiry Officer.
The High Court also failed to notice the relevant fact and without going into the merit allowed the counsel to withdraw the writ petition merely on the basis of the finding of Inquiry Officer.
Efforts were made by the group to have interaction with the agitators but met with little success.
Index sheet itself mentions that there is only one page in the file.
Guru Arjan Dev Ji became the fifth Guru of Sikhism.
Such being the case the offer made by Shri Goswamy does not appear to be a feasible solution at this stage particularly when the allotments made are not in question nor have the allottees been impleaded as party respondents.
The amendment is purely procedural and must be retrospective in character.
Learned counsel for the petitioners is permitted to delete the name of petitioner No.4 & 5 from the array of the parties.
It is also relevant to note the testimony of PW36, the handwriting expert.
The High Court erroneously held that it was not produced.
After the appellant’s marriage with the deceased, he was working with the appellant and was living in the said flat.
Bihar has always been a land of attractive economic opportunities.
If the company has less than three directors, then increase the number of directors to atleast three.
We are of the view that the ceiling in regard to compensatory costs should be at least Rs.1,00,000/-.  3.20 It may be noted at this juncture that in the written submissions made by the Law Commission before the Court, the Commission suggested the enhancement of ceiling to Rs. 1 lakh and also suggested certain other supplemental directives that could be appropriately given while awarding costs under Section 35A.
The plain reading of this Article means that the Federal Legislature is empowered to regulate the inter-state trade.
Both in terms of and , interest at 9% per annum is payable for the first year of taking possession and 15% per annum thereafter, if the amount of compensation was not paid or deposited within a period of one year or deposited thereafter.
On the contrary, there is a contest with a perverse sadistic attitude.
On the contrary, the relief claimed by the appellants being mainly for eviction, it could only be granted by the “Civil Judge having jurisdiction  in a suit filed by the landlord as provided in Section 6 of the Tenancy Act.
The fact that financial irregularities were committed by Accused Nos.1 and 2 and that they were getting kickbacks from PW39, has come on record.
A. By the bite of mosquitoes infected with the Japanese encephalitis virus.
The decisions rendered by the Single Judge as well as by the Division Bench of the High Court failed to appreciate these aspects and in our view, the said decisions are completely erroneous.
Interpreting the words of Dr Ambedkar in a constitutional context, any action on the part of the State which forces an individual to part with her or his dignity or any other right under Part III will not be permissible.
According to the counsel for the new incumbent government, since the previous government did not undertake the activity of identifying Mansagar Lake as a wetland, the 2010 rules have been violated.
In addition to that various Govt. Order issued from time to time in terms of particular clause of the section 10 of the Act are also to be complied with.
For, there has to a restriction in the first place before the issue of its reasonableness arises.
This Court has time and again explained the principle of issue estoppel in a criminal trial observing that where an issue of fact has been tried by a competent court on an earlier occasion and a finding has been recorded in favour of the accused, such a finding would constitute an estoppel or res judicata against the prosecution, not as a bar to the trial and conviction of the accused for a different or distinct offence, but as precluding the acceptance/reception of evidence to disturb the finding of fact when the accused is tried subsequently for a different offence.
Duty of driver in case of accident and injury to a person.- When any person is injured or any property of a 3rd party is damaged, as a result of an accident in which a motor vehicle is involved, the driver of the vehicle or other person-in-charge of the vehicle shall- (a) unless it is not practicable to do so on account of mob fury or any other reason beyond his control, take all reasonable steps to secure medical attention for the injured person by conveying him to the nearest medical practitioner or hospital, and it shall be the duty of every registered medical practitioner or the doctor on duty in the hospital immediately to attend to the injured person and render medical aid or treatment without waiting for any procedural formalities, unless the injured person or his guardian, in case he is a minor, desires otherwise; (b) give on demand by a police officer any information required by him, or, if no police officer is present, report the circumstances of the occurrence, including the circumstances, if any, for not taking reasonable steps to secure the medical attention as required under clause (a), at the nearest police station as soon as possible and in any case within twenty-four hours of the occurrence.
Thus, for all intents and purposes the courses are being run by the Universities.
Thus, for all intents and purposes the courses are being run by the Universities.
Restricting the number of selectors to three was recommended by the Lodha Committee with the specific purpose of ensuring compactness of size, authority of decision making and monitoring performance.
The patient was there.
The member firms are required to refer the work among themselves.
In the above said case, this Court held that the appellant workmen working in the canteens at different offices of LIC across the country were like regular employees of the LIC as the canteens are run and managed by different entities like Canteen Committees, Cooperative Society of the employees and even contractors and directions about how to run the canteen were issued by the LIC.
In the above said case, this Court held that the appellant workmen working in the canteens at different offices of LIC across the country were like regular employees of the LIC as the canteens are run and managed by different entities like Canteen Committees, Cooperative Society of the employees and even contractors and directions about how to run the canteen were issued by the LIC.
If the Labour Court passes an appropriate award and in case the same is not implemented then alone there arises a question of prosecution under read with Serial No.13 of the Fifth Schedule of the I.D. Act 'Failure to implement award, settlement or agreement'.
Death was treated sometimes a means to obtain liberation that is 'moksha'.
The learned Attorney General further stated that the respondent Union of India would ensure that Aadhaar cards would only be issued on a consensual basis after informing the public at large about the fact that the preparation of Aadhaar card involving the parting of biometric information of the individual, which shall however not be used for any purpose other than a social benefit schemes.
The learned Attorney General further stated that the respondent Union of India would ensure that Aadhaar cards would only be issued on a consensual basis after informing the public at large about the fact that the preparation of Aadhaar card involving the parting of biometric information of the individual, which shall however not be used for any purpose other than a social benefit schemes.
Rape is a heinous crime and once it is established against a person charged of the offence, justice must be done to the victim of crime by awarding suitable punishment to the crime doer.
It is not correct to say that the cost of removal of debris will be more than the cost of structure.
As pointed out above, attempt of the counsel was to demonstrate that there already exist enough links and it was not necessary to propose the road.
As pointed out above, attempt of the counsel was to demonstrate that there already exist enough links and it was not necessary to propose the road.
The question as to whether the report is true, whether it discloses full details regarding the manner of occurrence, whether the accused is named, and whether there is sufficient evidence to support the allegations are all matters which are alien to the consideration of the question whether the report discloses the commission of a cognizable offence.
On the issue of the ‘last-seen’ theory, Ms. Suri submits that the evidence of PW16 clearly establishes that he saw Accused No.3 near the room of the deceased on the day and at the time he went missing.
Therefore, the courts at Chennai had no jurisdiction to deal with such a dispute.
All debits and credits from/to the accounts shall be disallowed, in case of the account being KYC non- compliant after six months of imposing ‘partial freezing’, v. The account holders shall have the option, to revive their accounts by submitting the KYC documents.
The contractor is not bound to consider the application of every party for the supply of material required for the construction of the buildings.
Unless the necessary proceedings are taken at law to establish the cause of invalidity and to get it quashed or otherwise upset, it will remain as effective for its ostensible purpose as the most impeccable of orders.
Unless the necessary proceedings are taken at law to establish the cause of invalidity and to get it quashed or otherwise upset, it will remain as effective for its ostensible purpose as the most impeccable of orders.
The petitioner applied in the person with disability quota for writing the NEET UG 2019 Examination and was successful.
To educate customers about a particular product by explaining its various features and uses.
I urge this Institute to continue maintaining the thrust on research.
It is permissible for any private stage carriage operator, under the Scheme in question, to traverse on a notified route up to the permissible limit as contemplated under the Scheme only for the purpose of cutting across the notified route, and to proceed further on a non-notified route.
Clause 1 recited that the total consideration of the suit premises is Rs.25 lakhs.
Pursuant to the amalgamation common seniority list (Annexure 6) was drawn up.
When a company receives strategic data from a competitor (be it in a meeting, by mail or electronically), it will be presumed to have accepted the information and adapted its market conduct accordingly unless it responds with a clear statement that it does not wish to receive such data.
The first plank of this argument of the learned counsel for the appellant is that the deceased has been fired at by Samar Singh from his service revolver.
The first plank of this argument of the learned counsel for the appellant is that the deceased has been fired at by Samar Singh from his service revolver.
The aforesaid applications are not seriously opposed by the counsel for the respondents.
This further shows that he was aware that there was a bomb inside the scooter which could explode anytime.
A patently regulatory imposition in the matter of lodging of a complaint for such offences is discernible assuredly to obviate frivolous and wanton complaints by all and sundry.
This establishes what he terms as “the protective role of democracy .
From the material on record, it is sufficiently clear that the incident occurred in the night around 3.00 am, at a place where there was no proper light.
That requirement is emphasised by the provision in the new that the price should be the sole consideration for the sale.
In the event of decision to file the appeal needed prompt action should be pursued by the officer responsible to file the appeal and he should be made personally responsible for lapses, if any.
This definition of taxes, often referred to as “Cooley’s definition,  has been quoted and endorsed, or approved, expressly or otherwise, by many different courts.
A few days after, they must assemble, interact and finalise the panel.
He states that his daughter told him all the accused were harassing and demanding Maruti car or Rupees two lacs for purchasing the car.
Consequently, we allow the present appeal and set aside the conviction of the appellant and set him at liberty as long as he is not involved in any other case.
There were also other tenants in occupation.
It is the contention of the State of Himachal Pradesh that there are no Panchayats of the nature of Khap Panchayats operating in the State of Himachal Pradesh and that there have been no cases of honour killing reported in the past 10 years.
For some women, this can lead to urethritis or recurrent cystitis.
Page 49 of the Manual.
The High Court has rightly dismissed the transfer petition and same does not warrant any interference by this Court.
In order to support this hypothesis, learned counsel referred to the judgment in .[5] where nature of carried forward depreciation allowance on application of deeming provision is explained by the Court.
For the first time in India’s history, children will be guaranteed their right to quality elementary education by the state with the help of families and communities.
Government of India has taken up funding to some of such projects through ACA release on actual basis.
To preserve this intimate link or nexus between the nature of the tax and the assessment of the tax, it is urged that all extraneous elements included in the “value  in the nature of post- manufacturing expenses and post-manufacturing profits have to be off-loaded.
In the absence of a definition, we have to go by its ordinary meaning.
It is commonplace to state that legislative heads must receive large and liberal meanings and the sweep of the sense of the rubrics must embrace the widest range.
It is commonplace to state that legislative heads must receive large and liberal meanings and the sweep of the sense of the rubrics must embrace the widest range.
Health and wellness are prime concerns of the Government of India.
On being proposed by society, the Commissioner of Sugar gives consent to it and, therefore, the submission is not correct because it is the society who propose for such additional cane purchase price by way of appropriation of profits…  4.2 The Assessing Officer also did not agree with the submission on behalf of the assessee that the minimum cane price notified by the Central Government is minimum and not actual cost and therefore any payment in excess of the minimum price should not be treated as an application of income by observing that the Statutory Minimum Price (hereinafter referred to as the ‘SMP’) is further increased by additional price on the basis of actual yield and if such adjusted price is more than initial advance price only such adjusted price is considered as allowable deduction instead of initial advance price.
As respondents 1 to 4 failed to repay the amount as demanded in the said notice, on 26/9/2011, the appellant filed a complaint in the Court of the Chief Metropolitan Magistrate at Calcutta.
As respondents 1 to 4 failed to repay the amount as demanded in the said notice, on 26/9/2011, the appellant filed a complaint in the Court of the Chief Metropolitan Magistrate at Calcutta.
PW-8/A and the NCB form which according to it had been missed by the Trial Court.
Even this fact has been admitted by Shri C.B. Gajjar, Advocate.
We make it clear that the documents with respect to 2015- 2018 shall be handed over by the Amrapali Group companies along with all the original documents necessary to do audit shall be handed over to the forensic auditors by tomorrow.
The reinstatement of such an employee, which is preceded by a finding of the competent judicial/quasi-judicial body or court that the action taken by the employer is ultra vires the relevant statutory provisions or the principles of natural justice, entitles the employee to claim full back wages.
Having regard to the facts narrated above that neither physical possession of the land nor compensation awarded was paid to the appellant, it is contended that the acquisition proceedings of the land of the appellant are lapsed.
It is very clear that the deposition of PW-2 to the extent that when PW-2 and other conspirators were called by Tiger Memon, Yakub Memon was also present there, who on being asked by Tiger Memon, handed over the tickets to a co- conspirator which clearly establishes the active participation of A-1 in the conspiracy.
We do not, however, think so.
And hence can undertake several social activities such as organizing special programmes, arranging health services, improving the ecology of its area, etc.
Other derivative exchanges offering this product are TOCOM, Japan and MCX, India.
The Impugned Bye-laws lay down the procedure for fixing of annual rent on UAM.
The Impugned Bye-laws lay down the procedure for fixing of annual rent on UAM.
The appellant placed reliance upon several documents which are all very old and therefore, their authenticity should not have been doubted.
PW-172 had not told A-112 that landing would be organized by Tiger Memon.
Shri Bhandari was followed by Shri J. Gupta, who argued that instead of deeming that allottees/home buyers be regarded as financial creditors, they ought to be regarded as operational creditors in which case, defences available in such cases would then be available.
It is asserted that even by exhibiting the entire prosecution evidence, the case against the accused-appellants does not travel beyond an offence of culpable homicide not amounting to murder.
Perhaps, under the judicial component of the selection process.
The age of superannuation has been laid down in Service Regulations which is said to be 60 years now and earlier it was 58 years.
F-158 in the name of the said partnership firm.
Mr. Rohatgi, learned Attorney General for India submitted that how the physically challenged or physically handicapped persons shall show respect to the National Anthem, the Central Government will issue guidelines within ten days hence.
It gives information about national science fairs where students can showcase their talent and also features young geniuses, through the passage of time, who have earned international recognition through their ground-breaking research.
The Central Government shall prescribe the terms and conditions, and procedure, subject to which the auction will be conducted, including the bidding parameters for the selection, which could include a share in the production of the mineral, or any payment linked to the royalty payable, or any other relevant parameter, or any combination or modification of them.
Secured creditors fall under two categories.
Visitors to the Rashtrapati Bhavan are able to see only alimited part of theentire collection. Moreover, the location of the paintings, lighting, distance from the viewers etc. makes it difficult for casual visitors to study and fully appreciate thepaintings.
Grievance raised in the Writ Petition was concerning delay in construction of the approach road connecting village Koradih located in Deoghar District with the Deoghar-Madhupur main road, inconveniencing more than 10,000 villagers belonging to over 15 neighbouring villages.
It is apparent that the Full Bench of the High Court though held that the land acquisition was vitiated but still it was upheld.
Against the said order, Criminal Appeal No.515 of 2004 was pending in the High Court.
While calculating the working strength, please exclude those judges who are on deputation to posts where they are not working as Courts.
Compensation for Wrongful Compensation.
Rebate is though ex-hypothesi in the nature of subsidy and other incentives given by the Government but conceptually rebate of tax and incentives are different and it needs to be explained in reference to the purpose and nature of such rebate of tax introduced by the legislature.
Rebate is though ex-hypothesi in the nature of subsidy and other incentives given by the Government but conceptually rebate of tax and incentives are different and it needs to be explained in reference to the purpose and nature of such rebate of tax introduced by the legislature.
We have covered around 600 MSME clusters, through a pan - India network of 85 branches, 50 Credit Advisory Centres, and partnerships with cluster - level industry associations.
The appellant (A-73) was asked by Tiger Memon to take the tempo outside his garage to Sankhvi street, opposite Bata Company, near Lokhandi gate near the place where Chiliyaki Hotel was situated.
The appellant (A-73) was asked by Tiger Memon to take the tempo outside his garage to Sankhvi street, opposite Bata Company, near Lokhandi gate near the place where Chiliyaki Hotel was situated.
Marigold as a trap crop attracted fruit borer adults for egg laying, and the cowpea served as a source of food for the predators.
Any person who has been arrested in connection with an offence punishable with rigorous imprisonment for a term of one year or upwards shall, if so required by a police officer, allow his measurements to be taken in the prescribed manner.
Since the alloy in dispute contains Phosphorous, may be in a very small quantity, it cannot fall within Entry 2(a) of the aforesaid Notification.
While that may be a position where services of a regular/permanent workman are terminated illegally and/or malafide and/or by way of victimization, unfair labour practice etc.
In view of the facts and circumstances of the present matter, no penalty is imposable on the Appellants.
Most of these companies were incorporated after the acquisition was initiated and had no experience in colonization.
The power of appeal and revision is contained in Chapter XX of the Act which includes that confer suo motu power of revision in the learned C.I.T.
Sub- section (3) of contained two deeming provisions such as “deemed to have been acquired  and “deemed to have been vested absolutely .
While this appeal was pending, in which there was no stay, the State Government went ahead to complete the acquisition process.
Climate change is now considered to be one of the most critical issues for the existence of natural eco-system and is also intrinsically linked to the sustenance of existing human civilization.
One has to keep in mind that at that time he was working as Officer on Special Duty to the Chief Minister.
If the section were to be interpreted otherwise, it would lead to the very startling conclusion that in a murder case the burden lies on the accused to prove that he did not commit the murder because who could know better than he whether he did or did not.
The magnificent beauty of the beach leaves each visitor dumbstruck. In fact, Vagator beach is the place to enjoy the adventure of going out into the sea on a small fishing boat.
Again, the answer must be in the negative in as much as it cannot be reasonably said that the pipeline extends from 1956-57 up to 1975.
Again, the answer must be in the negative in as much as it cannot be reasonably said that the pipeline extends from 1956-57 up to 1975.
The President said India wishes to progress its relationship with Egypt on the three pillars– closer political and security cooperation, deeper economic engagement and scientific collaboration as well as wider cultural contacts and people to people exchanges.
It also noted that such permission granted by the Commission ultimately resulted in around 15 candidates who were otherwise not entitled to participate in the interview, participated and got selected.
A musical work: - it includes works of music, any graphical notation of such work but does not include any words or action intended to be sung, spoken or performed with the music.
He appears to be a peace-loving, law abiding citizen but as he was poverty-stricken, he thought in his wisdom to completely eliminate him family so that all problems would come to an end.
He appears to be a peace-loving, law abiding citizen but as he was poverty-stricken, he thought in his wisdom to completely eliminate him family so that all problems would come to an end.
Yeda Yakoob Wali Mohmed Khan and their associates to store 80 cartons of RDX explosives in his godown at M.I.D.C. Thane Belapur, which had been smuggled into India for committing terrorist acts.
Each of the respondent has to attach no claim certificate with final bills in the prescribed format to be furnished in advance before the final bills are being examined and measured by the railway authorities.
Even the High Court has not reversed that finding.
The statutes constituting tribunals routinely provide for members of civil services from the sponsoring departments becoming members of the tribunal and continuing their lien with their parent cadre.
The statutes constituting tribunals routinely provide for members of civil services from the sponsoring departments becoming members of the tribunal and continuing their lien with their parent cadre.
The parties may enter into different contracts at different points of time or may enter into a series of unrelated transactions.
The parties may enter into different contracts at different points of time or may enter into a series of unrelated transactions.
The High Court while allowing the appeal, set aside the judgment of the Trial Court and sentenced the appellant-accused to pay a fine of Rs.8,50,000/- within a period of eight weeks, failing which, to suffer simple imprisonment for a period of six months.
The High Court while allowing the appeal, set aside the judgment of the Trial Court and sentenced the appellant-accused to pay a fine of Rs.8,50,000/- within a period of eight weeks, failing which, to suffer simple imprisonment for a period of six months.
That country and that nation which do not respect women have never become great, nor ever will be in future.
If a consumer is not satisfied by the decision of the District Forum, he / she can challenge the same before the State Commission and against the order of the State Commission a consumer can come to the National Commission.
That has been precisely followed.
Whereas, in the present case, there has thus been a patent failure on part of the project proponent to make mandatory disclosures stipulated in Form 1 under the 2006 notification, that must have consequences in law.
The National Geospatial Framework, consisting of referencing system, is built around the Standard datasets with appropriate Institutional arrangements and information developed for administrative boundaries viz. State, District, up to Village locations.
If one goes to the market to purchase plastic body of EMR of the respondents either for replacement or otherwise one cannot get it in the market because at present it is not a commercially known product.
It has been held, and we have referred to those decisions above, that the significant date is the date of the order of acquittal passed by the Trial Court.
Hence need not be considered.
Therefore, if at all anybody is aggrieved by the recommendation of the Wage Board to adopt eight classifications, it is the employees and not the employers.
The Division Bench opined that though the Government was bound to consider the recommendations of the One Man Commission, it was not bound to accept the Report in its entirety.
Experiential learning requires qualities such as self - initiative and self - evaluation.
Even in the diary, deceased has not written even a single word against the appellant.
Let us sharpen the discussion a little more.
Location of such temples for the 'Guardian Deities' on strategically located hilly landmarks of the region endowed with tranquil, picturesque and serene atmosphere of high altitudes, considered as 'abodes of cosmic energy', is part of the very concept of designing 'Cosmic Cities embodying complex yet sacred geometry' derived from the canonical texts of the ancient lore.
Some appliances of common use like electric bulb, electric iron, immersion heater with diagrams and graphics have also been introduced to explain how they use electric energy.
We do not therefore deem it appropriate to rely on the confessions of A5 and A8 as substantive pieces of evidence.
Accordingly, the impugned judgment dated 18.05.2006 is set aside, in so far as the right to recover the amount awarded from the owner of the tractor.
As Amrapali Group has failed to comply with the court's order, an adverse inference may be drawn against them.
Thus, it was pointed out that paragraphs 1 to 9 of the application under Order 6 Rule 16 were identical to paragraphs 8 (d), 8 (e), 8(f), 8 (h), 8(i), 8 (j), 8 (k), 8(l) and 8 (m) respectively of the earlier application.
Business history is witness to the fact that most countries have family businesses playing significant roles in the development of the economies in their respective countries.
The complainant finding that he would not get re-admission in the hostel unless he pays Rs. 2000/- to the appellant by way of illegal gratification, went to the Office of Lokayukta and lodged complaint (Ex-P- 9) about this incident against the appellant.
Tamil Nadu noticeably, on the basis of flow series from the year 1934-35 upto 1971-72, claimed the total yield at 50% dependability to be 740 TMC.
In my opinion the construction of an arbitration clause should start from the assumption that the parties, as rational businessmen, are likely to have intended any dispute arising out of the relationship into which they have entered or purported to enter to be decided by the same tribunal.
The courts may not be the appropriate forum to determine those questions.
We have given considerable thoughts to the submissions made by the learned counsel for the parties on either side.
Be that as it may, we would like to refrain from any form of conjecture on this point.
Remaining suit be dismissed.
He then countered Karnataka's submission that groundwater was an additional resource and submitted that such water supply could not be considered as an additional resource as it was recharged by surface water and was subject to various factors like rainfall and soil characteristics.
To maintain the independence of the police from government control in matters relating to investigations or crimes, preventive measures concerning law and order and public order, the Director General of Police may be relieved of responsibilities only in consultation with the State Security Commission and that too for limited reasons.
The State is responsible and constitutionally obligated to provide clean environment to every citizen.
The above noted views of Judges of the Supreme Court, conversant with the affairs of the High Court, were to be obtained in writing, and are to be part of the compilation incorporating the recommendation.
The present UPA’s model Bill was then lobbed back and forth between the Centre and the states over the matter of funding and responsibility.
There was hardly anything to connect PSBJC with the banned CPI (Maoist-Leninist).
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee attended the 23rd Annual Convocation of Pondicherry University, Pondicherry today (September 25, 2013).
It is thus clear that the civil court is devoid of jurisdiction to give declaration or even bare injunction being granted on the invalidity of the procedure contemplated under the Act.
The readiness and willingness on the part of plaintiffs to execute the document is to be pleaded and proved.
The readiness and willingness on the part of plaintiffs to execute the document is to be pleaded and proved.
In the instant case, the action of the Disciplinary Authority is untenable in law for the reason that the interpretation of the CCS (Pension) Rules, 1972 which is sought to be made by the learned ASG on behalf of the respondents amounts to deprivation of the Fundamental Rights guaranteed to the appellant under Part III of the Constitution of India.
Bar against direct demand on assessee.
What is religious and what is secular and the boundaries of both were then to be adjudicated by the Court.
Be that as it may, the High Court has not recorded any finding to the effect that the land referred to hereinabove (in village Durgapura), which stood released from acquisition proceedings, was also acquired by group housing societies subsequent to the issuance of the Section 4 Notification, or the society had acquired interest in the same on the basis of an agreement to sell, or on any other ground similar to those raised by the respondent society.
The initial price which is fixed as per clause 3 of this order takes into account the following facts.
We make it clear that this case is not an appeal seeking cancellation of bail in any sense rather, this case calls for the legal sustainability of the impugned order granting bail to the accused-respondent herein.
General Elections to the House of People, 2014- change of schedule in Mizoram-regarding.
A person acquitted or convicted of any offence may be afterwards tried for any distinct offence for which a separate charge might have been made against him on the former trial under , sub-section (1)'.
The said order will continue till the completion of the trial.
The said order will continue till the completion of the trial.
The institution was established in January, 2010 and in this short time with its dedicated team it has acquired its place in the front ranking institutions of the country.
Green leafy vegetables are also a rich source of Calcium, Beta carotene and Vitamin C.
Maintaining liaison with other Government agencies to secure effective implementation of the programmes in respect of women workers.
The trial court as well as the appellate court has rightly relied upon deposition of owners, driver and khalasi of the vehicles in question.
The trial court as well as the appellate court has rightly relied upon deposition of owners, driver and khalasi of the vehicles in question.
In such cases the transaction value is to be sequentially determined in accordance with Rules 4 to 9 of the 2007 Rules.
The bird population includes darters, egrets, shovellers, gadwell and geese dominate.
It stated that under Rule 3 of the 1958 Rules appointment to Grade II (i.e. District & Sessions Judge, Grade II) shall be made by transfer from amongst the Senior Civil Judges in the Andhra Pradesh Judicial Service.
Therefore, there was no motive to give the bribe.
A Statue of Unity is being constructed to commemorate the memory of Sardar Patel.
Detailed information about the Common Law Admission Test is provided.
Since his father was not found anywhere he gave a complaint E-5 to police station.
PW-49/A to fortify this submission.
The petitioner received an order dated 11.02.1999 whereby the appellate authority reduced the penalty of 'reduction by 3 stages in time scale of pay for a period of 3 years with a further stipulation that the petitioner will not earn any increments of pay to a penalty of reduction by 2 stages in time scale for a period of 2 years with cumulative effect.
The High Court, as we find, has applied the doctrine of deemed confirmation to the case at hand which is impermissible.
On the way, the appellant stopped a car and sent Benny together with Jackson and others to the Medical College Hospital.
In the last 10 - 12 years, the capacity of Small hydro projects up to 3MW has increased 4 fold from 63 MW to 240 MW.
Not maintaining station diary entries or in any case not producing it and evasive answers about visiting Crime Branch Unit-V by PW-20 casts cloud of suspicion on date of arrest.
The powers conferred by the 1939 statute indicated a kind of intra-Branch self-regulation in a general fashion and the Judicial Council used those provisions to impose ‘minor measures’.
Having given our thoughtful consideration to the above contention, there can be no doubt, that in the manner expressed by the learned counsel, the suggested inference may well be justified on paper.
He said that the career which the probationers had chosen in the Railway Protection Force is not only very challenging but will also offer them immense opportunities to develop innovative means for safety and security of passengers in the mammoth apparatus of Railways.
Therefore education and independence is one powerful and valuable gift that you can give your daughter.
Even otherwise, we find no good ground to interfere in the finding for the reason that the respondent being a landlord and a retired man has every right to live in his house with his family.
Persistent defaults by different authorities and colleges and granting of admission arbitrarily and with favouritism have often invited criticism from this Court.
Persistent defaults by different authorities and colleges and granting of admission arbitrarily and with favouritism have often invited criticism from this Court.
On careful consideration of the proposal, the Government of Kerala has decided to issue an Essentiality Certificate to the applicant for the establishment of a Medical College with 150 seats.
It is also directed to ensure that all stranded are taken to places of safety and are given minimum amenities of food and water and to make adequate arrangements for their stay, till rehabilitation and restoration takes place in their respective places.
If this is done, then the words “life policy  in s.36 (1) would have to be replaced by the words ‘of any kind of policy’.
This Section rather imposes restrictions on sharing information.
To him, there are five archetypes: historical, textual, structural, prudential and doctrinal.
The NA, CWC is responsible for implementation of CWC Act, liaison with CWC and other State Parties, Collection of data fulfilling of declaration obligations, negotiating facility agreements, coordinating OPCW inspections, providing appropriate facilities for training national inspectors and industry personnel, ensuring protection of confidential business information, checking declarations for consistency, accuracy and completeness, registration of entitles engaged in activities related to CWC, etc.
Given the entire fact situation as narrated above and the fact that the appellant has not been given copies of all the statements collected by the CBI, there is little likelihood of the appellant tampering with the evidence.
Therefore, the impugned judgment passed by the High Court on 13.1.2012 reducing the compensation to 4,20,000/- under the heading of loss of dependency by deducting 50% from the monthly income of the deceased of Rs. 5,000/- and applying 14 multiplier, is factually and legally incorrect.
Unless there is an authoritative judicial pronouncement, it is difficult to say which of the State Amendments are inconsistent with as amended by the Central Amendment Act of 1976 and which consequently stand repealed.
It, however, confirmed the acquittal with regard to the Sintu alias Saroj Roy and Bhola Kundu.
That a person is not a mere law-breaker but an enemy can be determined only by a thorough enquiry as postulated by Naga People’s Movement of Human Rights.
Despite this it was observed: (All ER p. 427 E) 'An essential element of the scheme, and indeed its primary purpose, was to ensure control of the company by the Directors and those whom they could confidently regard as their supporters.
Similarly this Court cannot control the influx of people to different metro cities and towns in search of livelihood in the background of the huge unemployment problem in this country.
It is, however, required that the classification must satisfy two conditions, namely, (i) it is founded on an intelligible differentia which distinguishes those that are grouped together from others; and (ii) the differentia must have a rational relation to the object sought to be achieved by the Act.
It provides for various modes of recovery.
There were in fact no large industries in Jammu and Kashmir producing edible oil.
Mr. Sunil Gupta, learned senior counsel for the appellants sought to invoke the principle of interpretation of statutes that Rules made under a statute must be treated for all purposes of construction and obligation exactly as if they were in the Act, and are to be of the same effect as if contained in the Act, and are to be judicially noticed for all purposes of construction and obligation.
Mr. Sunil Gupta, learned senior counsel for the appellants sought to invoke the principle of interpretation of statutes that Rules made under a statute must be treated for all purposes of construction and obligation exactly as if they were in the Act, and are to be of the same effect as if contained in the Act, and are to be judicially noticed for all purposes of construction and obligation.
India is content with itself, and driven by the will to sit on the high table of prosperity.
The audio / video programmes supplement and complement the other modes of learning such as printed self learning materials and personal contact programmes.
The terms of office, emoluments and conditions of service of CEO, CFO, COO and CCO shall be such as to be decided by the Commission by order issued under this Scheme.
The terms of office, emoluments and conditions of service of CEO, CFO, COO and CCO shall be such as to be decided by the Commission by order issued under this Scheme.
Interest on money due to the contractor.
Order VI Rule 16 and Order VI Rule 17 CPC which are involved in the instant case.
The victim had raised a hue and cry and threatened the accused that she would disclose the incident to her mother.
The problem as we see it is that somewhere down the line, the issue came to be limited to the Andhra Pradesh Engineering Service.
Also if the offence committed in one local area continues in another local area, the courts in the latter place would be competent to take cognizance of the matter.
Also if the offence committed in one local area continues in another local area, the courts in the latter place would be competent to take cognizance of the matter.
At the outset, the following genealogical table is being set out to enable a clear and easy understanding of the facts and the findings with regard to the entitlement of the parties that would be arrived at in the course of the deliberations that follow.
Likewise, when it comes to fixation of fee, as already dealt with in detail, the main purpose is that State acts as a regulator and satisfies itself that the fee which is proposed by the educational institution does not have the element of profiteering and also that no capitation fee etc. is charged.
It is averred that in these cases of contradictions, an aggrieved person should be entitled to take recourse to paragraph 8 of the Schedule to the 2003 Rules.
Though the said UNCITRAL Model Law and Rules are intended to deal with international commercial arbitration and conciliation, they could, with appropriate modifications, serve as a model for legislation on domestic arbitration and conciliation.
Bill was considered.
They are also anxious about timely delivery of their entitlements and about persisting social and economic inequality.
HPCL thus comes into being after merging four different organisations at different points of time.
On the other hand, prompt filing of the report is not an unmistakable guarantee of the truthfulness of the version of the prosecution.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee today (October 1, 2016) presented the ‘Vayoshreshtha Samman’ -National Awards for Senior Citizens, to eminent senior citizens and institutions in recognition of their service towards elderly persons on the occasion of International Day for Older Persons.
A similar view had been taken in Lok Ram (Supra), wherein it was held that a person, though had initially been named in the FIR as an accused, but not charge-sheeted, can also be added to face the trial.
The time prescribed for filing a belated return under Section 139(4) or a revised return under Section 139(5) was reduced to one year from the end of the relevant assessment year.
Shakuntala Devi mother of deceased.
The Respondents in turn may file their reply by 15th October, 2018, only after serving copy to the petitioner.
That however may depend upon facts and circumstances of each case, as to what amount would be a just compensation.
The dead body was recovered in a gunny bag concealed under the wooden planks covered by mud and stones.
As pointed out earlier, the Director, Marketing held that the second respondent is entitled for allotment of large gala mainly on the ground that in few other cases, gala booked in the name of one person has been transferred to another person.
Anglo-Saxon common law on alienation of affection has not much roots in this country, the law is still in its nascent stage.
He could not get into the escaping car and thus he ran away and got into a bus to Bhendi Bazaar.
Based on the conclusions drawn by this Court, as have been extracted above, learned counsel vehemently contested the contention advanced on behalf of the appellant, that after the amendment of Section 15Z of the SEBI Act, the right of second appeal had not been fully preserved.
Thus, the plea raised is without any merit.
The Trial Court eventually found some of the accused persons guilty while some others were acquitted giving them the benefit of doubt.
Removal occurs when a child is taken out of the place of habitual residence, whereas retention occurs when a child who has, for a limited period, been outside the place of habitual residence is not, on the expiration of the period, returned.
It will be seen that different smaller Benches of this court were not unduly perturbed by the observations contained in M.P. Sharma (supra) as it was an early judgment of this Court delivered in the Gopalan (supra) era which had been eroded by later judgments dealing with the inter-relation between fundamental rights and the development of the fundamental right of privacy as being part of the liberty and dignity of the individual.
This being so, even for regions that were governed by a different law – namely, the Letters Patent of the Madras High Court – a uniform rule is to be applied to the entire Kerala High Court.
It is the view of the petitioners that the recommendation of Justice Majithia Wage Boards is defective and faulty and deserves to be rejected at the outset as it overlooked the relevant aspects and considered extraneous factors while drafting the impugned report.
On internal examination, the Medical Officer (PW-12) found that echymosis and congestion was seen in sub-cutaneous tissue under the ligature mark.
Examined in the above context, according to learned counsel, it is apparent that the right of employees of Government owned corporations, in the State of Himachal Pradesh, on the issue of pension, stood conceded in their favour, on the basis of ‘the 1999 Scheme’.
Thus viewed, we do not perceive any error in the order passed by the High Court refusing to grant a writ of habeas corpus as the detention by virtue of the judicial order passed by the Magistrate remanding the accused to custody is valid in law.
Such employee or his heirs are entitled to receive this amount irrespective of the accidental death.
The legal position is clear enough.
The President said that the MADRAS Regiment being one of the oldest regiments of the Indian Army, has a rich tradition of valour and courage and has rendered a distinguished service to the nation since its inception.
After obtaining Doctor’s certificate regarding fitness of the victim to give statement, Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate, Rohtak recorded her statement (dying declaration) to the effect that on 9.12.2003, at around 9.30/10.00 P.M. the accused persons being her husband, Jeth and Jethani poured kerosene oil on her and set ablaze.
This is not the first time when the question of such a nature is raised before this Court.
All Categories of individual beneficiaries & non - profit institutions / organizations would be eligible to have solar lantern under the scheme in the un - electrified villages and hamlets of the special category states and UT islands.
Such unnoticed entry has the potential of the end products of steel mills being contaminated or, in the worst scenario, the source being used in an RDD.
Finally this Court held that the provisions of Maharashtra Act XXIII of 2001 must apply.
Taking a decision on case to case basis, depending on individual’s material constraints and inadequacies, enhances the problem rather than solving it, as it reduces the life from an eternal bliss to a worldly award, subjecting its preservation to socio-economic exigencies.
The learned Senior counsel for the petitioner lastly made reference to sub-, and sub-clause (zzd) to sub-Section 105 of Section 65 along with a further reference to sub-Clause (zzza) to sub- to , which has been dealt with in paragraph 41 of this judgment.
Therefore, both the courts below erred in allowing the application.
It is thus clear that registration of FIR is to be done in a book called FIR book or FIR Register.
Accordingly, Civil Appeal No. 3746 of 2009 filed against interim order of the High Court, was also dismissed by this Court on 08.07.2013 as having become infructuous.
Other names for God: God, the Almighty, Creator, God (which is most prevalent in Hindi).
The President said that the life of Shri Ram Naik is unique.
The CBI in its turn while reiterating the intervening developments pertaining to the investigation conducted by the State Police and the CBCID has pleaded that after a lapse of 10 years from the incident, no purpose would be served by any investigation by it at this stage.
During the period January 2011 to July 2013, FMC sought several clarifications from NSEL on a number of complaints received from the public alleging forward trading and running a financing scheme.
During the period January 2011 to July 2013, FMC sought several clarifications from NSEL on a number of complaints received from the public alleging forward trading and running a financing scheme.
It stands established, with conclusive determination of the nine Judge Bench judgment of this Court in K.S. Puttaswamy that right to privacy is a fundamental right.
I thank the Janaki Mandir authorities and the people of Janakpur for receiving me today.
Among the dignitaries present on the occasion was Union Minister for Health and Family Welfare, Shri Ghulam Nabi Azad.
As per the definition under of “person with disability , a partially blind person having more than 40% disability is contemplated to be person who is in the field of eligibility.
MP3 I tried to give her some money, but she wouldn 't take any.
The High Court, as the impugned order would show, has laid emphasis on the second part and, on that basis, opined that the second part and third part do not have harmony and, in fact, sound a discordant note, for the scheme cannot be split into two parts, one to be decided by the arbitration and the other in the suit.
The doctrine which the courts of law will recognise is a rule of judicial policy that a person will not be allowed to take inconsistent position to gain advantage through the aid of courts.
The magazine provided topics related to literature, poetry, religious issues, travel experiences.
The postponement of the sale-deed to which the Plaintiffs gave consent clearly suggests that the parties were in fact not intending to execute the sale-deed.
The company has not ceased carrying on its business.
However, without proceeding any further on the basis of the inquiry report dated 21.09.1992, a fresh charge sheet dated 18.01.1993 was issued to the employee/respondent No.1 containing 24 charges.
The claim had been wrongly denied by the District Judge on a reference under and the High Court also rejected the same by dismissing the cross objections as barred by limitation and on principle of res judicata.
No application was filed by him on 8.11.2012 before the CJM not to pass any order.
This is intended to obviate the difficulties or inconvenience that may be caused to some parties.
Therefore, the State cannot make a law doing away with the requirement, for in-service candidates, to participate in the common entrance test for admission to postgraduate medical courses and obtaining the minimum eligibility requirement prescribed by the MCI in the Regulations.
Relying on [41] which in turn had considered .[42], it was observed that the Court must in appropriate cases put the punishment of life imprisonment awarded as a substitute for death penalty, beyond any remission and direct it to be carried out as directed by the Court.
Keeping this vital difference in view, let us analyse the two English judgments relied upon by Shri Kaul.
In taking the view that UDA had no option but to renew the lease, UDA has acted in a manner which betrays a total lack of understanding of its rights and of the trust placed in it as a custodian of public interest.
He has given figures of losses which the appellants had to suffer due to damage of plantation and loss of income, etc.
He then accompanied Shafi to the residence of Mobina (A-96).
The remaining time will be limited to the filling up of the vacant seats resulting from exceptional circumstances or surrender of seats.
For this, a great amount of the credit is due to the initiatives of the Union Government and the State Governments to invigorate our tourism infrastructure and improve the facilities offered to the foreign and domestic tourist.
That the patrons are admitted to the cinema for a price, makes them contractual invitees or visitors qua whom the duty to care is even otherwise higher than others.
That the patrons are admitted to the cinema for a price, makes them contractual invitees or visitors qua whom the duty to care is even otherwise higher than others.
The next facet of the challenge pertaining to sanction is that the sanctioning authority had not perused the relevant materials.
But Rule 3 acknowledges, recognises and enforces a custom or usage to exclude women.
Thereafter, the Division Bench posed the question, whether the accident involving explosion and fire in the petrol tanker was connected with the use of tanker as a motor vehicle.
Questions relating to standard of proof, compellability of witnesses, right of the judge to remain silent, his right to cross examination etc., all these questions were raised by Justice Murphy and the result was that the findings of the 1 Senate Committee were cancelled and the 2 Senate Committee was appointed and thereafter there were criminal proceedings in which the Judge was convicted but released and there was a retrial and this was followed by a Parliamentary Commission of Inquiry and it gave its findings.
The historical and friendly relations between India and Kuwait are based on the millennia-old cultural, religious and economic exchanges between our two countries, characterized by extensive people-to-people contacts and deep mutual respect.
Tihar Jail, New Delhi dated Keeping in view the vicious antecedents of the applicant as around 14 criminal cases are pending against him, to admit the applicant on regular bail will not be in the interest of justice.
On the value of building material stock, trial court awarded Rs.1,00,000/- as against the appellant’s claim of Rs.6,00,000/-.
The powers of revision conferred by sub-section (1) shall not be exercised in relation to any interlocutory order passed in any appeal, inquiry, trial or other proceeding.
The responsibility of providing ECCE services lies with the State and it should be the primary provider of these services.
This Court put its imprimatur to the aforesaid view of the High Court thereby dismissing the appeals.
Considering the entire facts of the case, vis-a-vis the Government Resolution time to time issued relating to the condition for giving benefit of promotion, we are of the view that the reasons assigned by the learned Single Judge and the Division Bench of the High Court cannot be sustained in law.
He had been introduced by the police constable to the inspector i.e. to P.I. Hadap and A.P.I. Khanvilkar.
This is an issue that must be taken up with all earnestness by the State Legal Services Authority.
Detailed procedure for recovery is contained in these Schedules to the , including provisions relating to arrest and detention of the defaulter.
With the intervention of Mani Ram and PW 7 Raj Kumari, wife of the deceased, the accused was prevented from dragging the deceased out of the house but the accused left the house with a threat.
What really in that circumstance can be called in question is the procedural compliance and the eligibility of their arbitrator depending upon the norms provided under the Act and the Schedules appended thereto.
However, upon coming to know of this notification, the appellant vide their letter dated 8-9-1997 submitted objections running into four pages containing 8 paragraphs.
The Unicode standards provide information about the character and their use.
The diagram depicts organisational setup of NIOS.
Moreover, the competence of the new counsel may again be questioned by another counsel, who the accused may choose to engage in future.
In that case, the appellant who was the insurer was travelling in the insured vehicle, which met with an accident.
The appellate order observes that such synchronized trades create an artificial volume, leading to ratcheting up in the trading of the scrip and cause price fluctuations, thereby misleading the potential investors.
Our cordial relations are marked by consistency, continuity and understanding on issues of mutual interest, and by cooperation in the bilateral and multilateral framework.
The Act requires that the principal executive officer or officers and the principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, to certify that the financial statements accurately and fairly represent the financial condition and results of operations of the company, in each annual or quarterly report filed or submitted.
My husband used to say as to why I did not bring money in the marriage of my sister.
Whether this object has been legitimately achieved by the enacting law is a matter to be determined on its interpretation and application.
Any right to privacy must encompass and protect the personal intimacies of the home, the family marriage, motherhood, procreation and child rearing.
The Department is directed to communicate the order to the Court below.
In the patent application, there is no claim of superiority of the beta crystal form of Imatinib Mesylate in regard to the aforesaid three properties, or any other property, over the starting material Imatinib, or even over Imatinib Mesylate in amorphous form or any form other than the alpha crystal form.
In the patent application, there is no claim of superiority of the beta crystal form of Imatinib Mesylate in regard to the aforesaid three properties, or any other property, over the starting material Imatinib, or even over Imatinib Mesylate in amorphous form or any form other than the alpha crystal form.
WX, who has worked for 22 days during that month, therefore, the total number of working days in Sub Division No. 8 for the period from January, 1993 to September, 1993 and sub-Division No.6 would be 253 days.
It merely gives effect to the policy of the State not to grant fresh licences until further orders.
Bullet proof vehicles and shot guns are being procured for counter insurgency operations.
The appellant’s DNA matched the DNA profile from a sweat stain detected on one of the jackets.
In the ultimate analysis, therefore, we are of the view that the High Court was perfectly justified in interfering with the trial court’s order.
She concluded her argument by saying that the exercise of reading down a constitutional amendment to make it valid, conducted in Nagaraj (supra), was constitutionally impermissible.
The slippers in P.W.5's foot fell off.
It should also be ensured, that the evidence gathered during investigation is truly and faithfully utilized, by confirming that all relevant witnesses and materials for proving the charges are conscientiously presented during the trial of a case.
It should also be ensured, that the evidence gathered during investigation is truly and faithfully utilized, by confirming that all relevant witnesses and materials for proving the charges are conscientiously presented during the trial of a case.
In such situations, the State must step in and perform its duty by taking measures to prevent such actions from occurring in the first place, ensuring that law-enforcement agencies exercise their power to bring the guilty parties to book and imposing time-bound and adequate punishment for any lapses.
In such situations, the State must step in and perform its duty by taking measures to prevent such actions from occurring in the first place, ensuring that law-enforcement agencies exercise their power to bring the guilty parties to book and imposing time-bound and adequate punishment for any lapses.
Risk Management: risk is an important element of corporate functioning and governance.
They could live with their own funny pictures, and because they found in the popular cartoon a ready connect to the public.
The most important being the formulation of National Health Policy (NHP) in 2002, which aims to achieve an acceptable standard of good health amongst the general population of the country.
Potential evapotranspiration of a place in short time scale is very much useful for agricultural management.
Perhaps it would have been better if the Public Prosecutor had informed the High Court on 03.07.2018 itself that the period for completing the investigation was coming to a close.
The requirement under Section 123(4) of the RP Act is not knowledge but consent.
Thereafter, Chief Engineer, MSEB by his letter dated 4/11/1997 changed the sequence and directed that the work should be completed initially in Nasik Zone in respect of B-I, B-II, B-III Lists, then in Kolhapur Zone and finally in Aurangabad Zone.
Terrorism and violence are seeping across our borders.
After the writ petition was filed on 28.2.2012 an order of status-quo was granted on 1.3.2012, and it continued till the dismissal of the petition on 30.8.2012 when the order of stay was vacated.
Leg skin is of distinctive pattern hence highly valued.
The right to privacy may be construed to signify that not only are certain acts no longer immoral, but that there also exists an affirmative moral right to do them.
Therefore, when a question with reference to the selection and appointment (as also, transfer) of Judges to the higher judiciary is raised, alleging that the “independence of the judiciary  as a “basic feature/structure  of the Constitution has been violated, it would have to be ascertained whether the primacy of the judiciary exercised through the Chief Justice of India (based on a collective wisdom of a collegium of Judges), had been breached.
The Manual states (and the Manual is relied on by Bihar) that “Rainfall is the most important indicator of drought.
For the sake of clarity, we may sum up the position regarding the outcome of trial by the Court of Sessions as well as that of the High Court: Two chargesheets were filed pertaining to the episode in question, which have been narrated in brief above, whereby three persons (PW-17, PW-18 and PW-20) were kidnapped.
The primary objective of the committee was to view corporate governance from the perspective of the investors and shareholders and to prepare a ‘Code 'to suit the Indian corporate environment.
A party to a litigation cannot be heard to say that it would treat a judgment of this Court as not having binding effect unless the Review or Curative Petitions that it has filed are dismissed.
A party to a litigation cannot be heard to say that it would treat a judgment of this Court as not having binding effect unless the Review or Curative Petitions that it has filed are dismissed.
The trial court framed ten issues.
The instant case is required to be decided taking into consideration the aforesaid settled legal propositions.
The orders cancelling such facility stand confirmed and the challenge in that behalf is negated.
Tagore was a versatile genius.
That apart, the position in environmental jurisprudence with regard to the renewal of a mining lease has been made explicit by this Court in M.C. Mehta.
Whoever, intending to gratify unnatural lust, touches, for that purpose, any person, or any animal, or is by his own consent touched by any person, for the purpose of gratifying unnatural lust, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to fourteen years and must not be less than two years, and shall also be liable to fine.
Having heard the learned counsel for the parties and on perusal of the record of the case, we find no merit in the submissions urged by the learned counsel for the appellants (landowners).
By virtue of the said amendment it is contended that cloak of secrecy is cast about the Offset partner and the vendor is enabled to give the details at a much later point of time.
Even the complainant, PW-3, Ranjeet Sahu, has turned hostile and has not named the present accused persons as the persons involved for setting his Gumti on fire.
It is true that it is a well settled proposition that election of a candidate who has won at an election should not be lightly interfered with.
It is axiomatic that India, as the largest practising democracy in the world and with over 60 years’ record of holding effective, transparent and credible elections, should play a leading role in promoting participatory democracy and election administration world-wide.
For the SLPs, a nominal fixed fee is charged as in the case of Writ petitions in the High Courts.
That of providing funds and that of coordination, determination and maintenance of standards in institutions of higher education.
We may proceed to analyse the issues arising by reproducing Section 48(7) of the Code under which the impugned actions have been made.
Therefore, the period during which the appellant was working as a Management Trainee is required to be counted as the requisite experience for the post of Company Secretary.
Therefore, the period during which the appellant was working as a Management Trainee is required to be counted as the requisite experience for the post of Company Secretary.
In the present case, there is ample evidence proving the acts, statements and circumstances, establishing firm ground to hold that the accused who were present in the bus were in prior concert to commit the offence of rape.
Indeed, the second proviso is part of the same Section.
The appellants are the writ petitioners whereas the respondents are the respondents of the writ petition out of which these appeal arise.
We are, therefore, unable to find any basis to sustain the conviction of the appellants under read with IPC for want of any evidence of the prosecution.
No doubt about it that once verification form requires certain information to be furnished, declarant is duty bound to furnish it correctly and any suppression of material facts or submitting false information, may by itself lead to termination of his services or cancellation of candidature in an appropriate case.
This massive inflow of refugees into India was the biggest foreign policy challenge Indiraji had ever confronted.
He also submitted that the action on the part of the Coordination Committee had nothing to do with the competition and it was the fundamental right of the Coordination Committee, as a trade union, to lodge legitimate protest.
That being so, we cannot but accept the submission of Mr. Ahmadi.
That being so, we cannot but accept the submission of Mr. Ahmadi.
Emphasis is on stimulating all three sectors of its economy (agriculture, industry and services), to their fullest potential in tandem with the geographic profile of the state.
But her works will remain forever inspiring the people to strive to build a better India.
The President said that as Union Finance Minister, he was the President of the NIFM Society between 2009 and 2012 which gave him the opportunity of getting to know about the activities of NIFM.
A. Mosquitoes become infected by feeding on domestic pigs and wild birds infected with the Japanese encephalitis virus.
On this momentous day when you set out on your journey into the real world, I call upon each one of you to take a pledge to make the full use of technology for the benefit of mankind and to see that the use of technology spreads happiness, prosperity and general well - being amongst the people of this country.
And if, the punishment of the offence is imprisonment for less than three years or with fine only, the matter would be triable by any Magistrate.
An employee belonging to Class I or Class II appointed to the service of the Corporation on or after 1st September,1956, shall retire on completion of 60 years of age, but the competent authority may, if it is of the opinion that it is in the interest of the Corporation to do so, direct such employee to retire on completion of 50 years of age or at any time thereafter on giving him three months’ notice or salary in lieu thereof.
In both these statements the age of defendant 3 is stated to have been at the time of the statements 21 years.
Further, Chairman and such Member (s) of the designated Commission who will specifically perform the functions of SFC should be clearly indicated, and such Commission should be provided additional staff to handle the additional work.
Ambica Mills was granted liberty by this Court to make prayer to that effect before the BIFR and to obtain suitable directions.
In the matter of judicial determination, the issue was examined by a Constitution Bench of the Supreme Court as far back, as in 1974 in the Samsher Singh case11, wherein keeping in mind the cardinal principle – the “independence of the judiciary , it was concluded, that consultation with the highest dignitary in the judiciary – the Chief Justice of India, in practice meant, that the last word must belong to the Chief Justice of India i.e., the primacy in the matter of appointment of Judges to the higher judiciary, must rest with the judiciary.
Keeping in view the settled law and the material available on record, I am of the considered view that the prosecution failed to establish the circumstances in which the accused persons alleged to have fired at the deceased.
It was contended therein that the accused were the breadwinners of their family which consisted of a young wife, minor child and aged parents.
AAG appearing for the State of U.P., assailed the impugned judgment passed by the High Court mainly on the ground that the provisions of the Himachal Pradesh Ceiling on Land Holdings Act, 1972 (for short, “the Act ) has been interpreted in such a way that it has swayed away the very object of the ceiling law.
As stated earlier, the entire prosecution initiated by the State police was malicious and it has caused tremendous harassment and immeasurable anguish to the appellant.
It bears no name of the holder.
Abrated contusion 5 cm x ½ cm on front of neck left side, 3 cm above right clavicle.
Therefore, the LAO cannot be blamed for having acted as an obedient subordinate of the superior authorities, including the Administrator.
But I am not prepared to accept it for the future Law Ministers. ...
The question of taking cognizance does not arise at this stage since cognizance has already been taken on the basis of the main charge-sheet.
Inasmuch as the High Court remained totally oblivious of the true legal position while directing refund of the earnest money, it committed an error.
Inasmuch as the High Court remained totally oblivious of the true legal position while directing refund of the earnest money, it committed an error.
It is a mandatory obligation upon the Court and besides ensuring the compliance thereof the Court has to keep in mind that the accused gets a fair chance to explain his conduct.
Regulation 9 is a complete Code.
Unless appellate power is expressly limited by additional conditionalities, the Appellate Court has power or rather is duty bound in the case of an appeal by the accused to reappraise the evidence.
Unless appellate power is expressly limited by additional conditionalities, the Appellate Court has power or rather is duty bound in the case of an appeal by the accused to reappraise the evidence.
CIL had recommended allocation of Kathautia UG block for their expansion project.
This would be an undesirable situation.
Mumbai port: - is a natural deep water port, the second oldest major port of India after Kolkata.
Lord Phillips then referred to the situations in which an appeal could be foreclosed by judicial order (under section 42(4) refusing leave to appeal) He said: “Tf a litigant subject to an extended civil restraint order or a general civil restraint order, continues to make the requisite applications pursuant to that order which are customarily dismissed on the grounds that they are totally devoid of merit, a Judge may, if he thinks fit, direct that if any further application is dismissed on the same grounds, the decision will be final....
On other hand, much emphasis has been placed on the failure on the part of the defendants to show that the applicability of the GLR.
Glucose gets into the cells: An organ called the pancreas makes a chemical called insulin.
Unfortunately, the minutes of the National Consultation have not been placed on record.
It is being manufactured by the respondents for its captive consumption.
It means that as far as application for setting aside the award is concerned, the period of limitation prescribed is three months which can be extended by another period of 30 days, on sufficient cause being shown to the satisfaction of the court.
Indeed the right given to a Judge is so wide that he may, ask any question he pleases, in any form, at any time, of any witness, or of the parties about any fact, relevant or irrelevant.
The contract between the parties did not contain any condition that interest would not be paid.
The stock present with traders and the cost at which it has been acquired is a major price influencing factor.
The presumption may be rebutted in certain cases by showing that on the face of the statute, there is no classification at all and no difference peculiar to any individual or class and not applicable to any other individual or class, and yet the law hits only a particular individual or class.
Empowerment of women must be regarded as not only an element of our efforts towards gender equality but also a critical step for stimulating their full participation in nation building.
Thereafter, the Court analysed the provisions of and then noted, in paragraph 37 of the judgment, three points of determination which arose for consideration.
You have undergone an intensive training of 45 weeks, with dedicated time for military studies and research.
On 3 October 2014, the state government floated a tender for the development of a greenfield international airport project on a PPP basis.
It would hardly have been necessary to be so explicit if the words “other proceeding  in the main section had a meaning as restricted as is suggested by the respondent.
The High Court while allowing the appeal and decreeing the suit with costs held that the pleas taken by the appellant-defendant regarding the contribution made by his grandfather, father and himself in the purchase of the suit property had been rejected by the High Court vide judgment dated 12.9.2011 and the same will operate as res judicata.
The accused did not adduce any evidence at the stage of defence.
He wished the students success in their future endevours.
Therefore, I am of the view that when the victim files an appeal against acquittal in the High Court he has to seek leave to appeal under Section 378(3) . .
If the accused has not made the promise with the sole intention to seduce the prosecutrix to indulge in sexual acts, such an act would not amount to rape.
It is not clear from the said order as to which one of the two affidavits was in the mind of the High Court when it recorded such a conclusion.
He had filed an application for withdrawal of his appeal against the decree for dissolution and had done nothing to contradict his intention to accept the decree of dissolution.
It is a right which springs from general maritime law and is based on the concept as if the ship itself has caused the harm, loss or damage to others or to their property and thus must itself make good that loss.
A Vedic verse says: 'Vidya dadati vinayam; vinayat yaati patratam; Patratva dhanamapnoti; dhanaddharmaha tataha sukham , that is, 'knowledge creates humility; from humility comes good fortune; with good fortune one performs dharma; in performing dharma, one becomes happy .
Pensioners grow older with passing age.
The cardinal principles of interpretation of taxing statutes centers around the opinion of Rowlatt, J. in Cape Brandy Syndicate vs. Inland Revenue Commissioner[1] which has virtually become the locus classicus[2].
The appellants herein, whose lands were also acquired in these acquisition proceedings, then woke up out of slumber and filed the writ petitions for the first time on 15.02.2016 in the High Court of Judicature at Allahabad out of which these appeals arise.
The appellants herein, whose lands were also acquired in these acquisition proceedings, then woke up out of slumber and filed the writ petitions for the first time on 15.02.2016 in the High Court of Judicature at Allahabad out of which these appeals arise.
Their protection and safety is a sacred duty of society as a whole. We must respect the right of women to equal opportunities and a dignified life.
Their protection and safety is a sacred duty of society as a whole. We must respect the right of women to equal opportunities and a dignified life.
It is also recorded that the applicant no. 1 has not shown her husband as deceased in any other documents except the sale-deed and her one photo is also found planting sapling in school.
On the date of occurrence, people belonging to Harijan Community, both men and women, armed with fire- arms and other weapons came to his house and fired and he was compelled to hide himself in his house to save his life.
EC’s assessment is that peak of PMF reaching the Mullaperiyar dam reservoir / periphery / upstream tip remains at 2.12 lakh cusecs (6003 cumecs).
It is for the Bar Council of India or Central Government to make a specific provision in this regard, if considered appropriate.
Objective: to give the public adequate quantity of supplies of currency notes and coins and in good quality.
Thus perceived, it can be stated with certitude that S.N. Narula (supra) was a binding precedent and when the subsequent decision in T.V. Patel (supra) is rendered in ignorance or forgetfulness of the binding authority, the concept of per incurium comes into play.
Mr. Datar’s second contention must therefore fail.
The learned Attorney-General supported the shift but if the trend is to be taken seriously, the Law Minister can have no place in any commission or, as in the present case, in the NJAC.
The cost of operating this scheme and for providing different benefits, facilities and amenities to registered workers as provided in the Act and under this scheme shall be defrayed by payments made by the registered employers to the Board.
I am happy that the Institute has taken a lead in undertaking organ donation programs and running awareness campaigns.
This is a case of deemed purchase.
The South African Constitution expressly recognizes hate speech as an exception.
Although Clause (3) of that article makes the decision of the disciplinary authority in this behalf final such finality can certainly be tested in a court of law and interfered with if the action is found to be arbitrary or mala fide or motivated by extraneous considerations or merely a ruse to dispense with the inquiry.
Next year 1972, the international community convened the United Nations Conference on Human Environment at Stockholm (Stockholm Conference) of which India is a signatory.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.   - Martin Luther King Jr.
In 2014, on the national highways there were 1.24 lakh accident cases resulting in 1.35 lakh persons injured and 46,110 deaths.
Total area of the Corporation is 8. 44 Sq. Km.
With reference to the corrected copy of the draft scheme, Mr. Shyam Divan, learned senior counsel appearing for the State of Karnataka submitted his objections in writing.
It is open to the officer-in-charge to collect more information containing details about the occurrence, if available, so that he can consider whether a cognizable offence has been committed warranting investigation.
Female chastity and fidelity, necessary for a stable marriage, require male chastity and fidelity too.
Society and the medical profession in particular are concerned with the equally fundamental principle of the sanctity of life.
Sankalp Shukla, particulars of their properties, etc. have not been filed as ordered by this Court and there are several other existing or former directors whose names have not been disclosed.
Chassis + Body building costs + registration, insurance, road tax, accessories AMC etc.
I congratulate the Volunteers participating in these campaigns and thank them for their service for the cause of literacy.
A review petition should not be heard by any other Bench unless it is impossible or totally impracticable for the earlier Bench to hear the matter.
The presence of the appellant (A-46) at the place where the goods were exchanged, at Wangni Tower and concealed into cavities of vehicles for transportation to Bombay, shows that he was a person of very close confident of Tiger Memon (AA).
Many of the parties are not traceable and when we requested the Amrapali Group Management to produce the persons/entities to ascertain the veracities of the claims, they didn’t co-operate.
But sadly, public awareness and associated treatment and research facilities in respect of these are not quite as optimal.
That statutory power has to be exercised sparingly, with circumspection and in the rarest of rare cases.
Order 41 Rule 33 of the Code can however be pressed into service to make the award more effective or maintain the award on other grounds or to make the other parties to litigation to share the benefits or the liability, but cannot be invoked to get a larger or higher relief.
The Ministry of Culture also launched a five year mission called the Gandhi Heritage Sites Mission.
It was decided that the application could not be entertained because proviso (b) debarred the court from entertaining an objection unless the requirement of depositing the amount or furnishing security was complied with within the time prescribed.
This argument, therefore, must also fail.
Obviously, the acquisition of any religious place is to be made only in unusual and extraordinary situations for a larger national purpose keeping in view that such acquisition should not result in extinction of the right to practise the religion, if the significance of that place be such.
Obviously, the acquisition of any religious place is to be made only in unusual and extraordinary situations for a larger national purpose keeping in view that such acquisition should not result in extinction of the right to practise the religion, if the significance of that place be such.
Order 2 Rule 2 CPC, therefore, requires the unity of all claims based on the same cause of action in one suit, it does not contemplate unity of distinct and separate causes of action.
It is unnecessary to multiply decisions on the subject, for this Court has exercised the power to transfer investigation from the State Police to the CBI in cases where such transfer is considered necessary to discover the truth and to meet the ends of justice or because of the complexity of the issues arising for examination or where the case involves national or international ramifications or where people holding high positions of power and influence or political clout are involved.
Apart from it, the personnel of police/paramilitary force at the said stretch of road, which on some days of protest go up to around 200 to 400, also adds to the congestion in the area.
In many cases, actual possession was taken and in rest of the cases, paper possession was taken where because of the land under Abadi, actual possession could not be taken on spot immediately.
This is welcome, for we solve problems through discussion and consent, not force.
He took them in three days of police custody but nothing was recovered from them.
We see no rationale which would justify the conclusion that a dance that leads to depravity in one place would get converted to an acceptable performance by a mere change of venue.
He has further submitted that the case is at initial stage as only the cognizance has been taken.
As stated above, the sanctity of an advance directive is founded upon the expression of the will of an individual who is in a sound state of mind when the directive is executed.
In the first instances, we may observe that once the policy decision of the Government allowing migration from BWA spectrum to UL is found to be justified in the circumstances already noted above, the argument of the petitioner predicated on the judgment of this Court in 2G2 case does not hold good.
Keeping the aforesaid principle in view we are required to test the acceptability of the evidence on record.
A1 had acknowledged and proclaimed A3 as her “foster son  and had conducted his marriage with one Sathiyalakshmi at Chennai on 7.9.1995, in a lavish celebrations.
We further award Rs.50,000/- towards loss of amenities undergone by the appellant- father as per the principles laid down in .[7].
A win - win mode of interaction could be exchange of faculty; collaborative research; and sharing of academic resources like course material and resource persons.
Information is available online, at the touch of a button.
The proper course, in our opinion, is to leave the recommendation as it is for the consideration of the BCCI with the observation that BCCI may keeping in mind the sentiments expressed by the Committee ensure that the viewers get to see an uninterrupted broadcast of the match from the first till the last ball of the over and limiting the commercial advertisement in terms of time and space to an extent that will not deprive the viewers of the pleasure of watching the game in full.
The society has secretly shifted the registered office without holding any meeting of the members, nor called him to attend any meeting of the society with some ulterior motive.
The relevant facts regarding the aforementioned officers have been analysed by the Tribunal and we find no infirmity in the said analysis, as the same is founded on the record before the Tribunal.
This change, it was felt, would reconcile the rights of both the insurer as well as the insured.
Aggrieved by the same, the respondents preferred a writ petition before the High Court for quashing the said order.
Aggrieved by the same, the respondents preferred a writ petition before the High Court for quashing the said order.
Odisha’s stand is that the system of allocation of coal blocks by the Central Government is alien to the legal regime under the CMN Act and the 1957 Act.
On receipt of this judgment, the Department of Legal Affairs, by its communication dated 2'¢ December, 2010, requested the Law Commission of India to take further necessary action in view of the observations in the said judgment.
Mr. Jitendra Sharma, learned senior counsel for the appellant while assailing the legality and correctness of the impugned order has essentially argued one point.
The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in its Performance Audit on allocation of coal blocks and augmentation of coal production has estimated loss to the public exchequer to the tune of about Rs.1.86 lac crore as on 31.03.2011 for Open-cast mines/Open-cast reserves of Mixed mines while pointing out inadequacies and shortcoming in the allocation.
Entrustment is an essential ingredient of the offence.
In a case such as the present, if a citizen cannot trust the State which has given statutory permissions and provided municipal facilities, whom should he or she trust?
In a case such as the present, if a citizen cannot trust the State which has given statutory permissions and provided municipal facilities, whom should he or she trust?
Such supplementary report shall be dealt with as part of the primary report.
Further, such a direction cannot be given when the worker concerned does not meet the eligibility requirement of the post in question as per the recruitment rules.
Further, such a direction cannot be given when the worker concerned does not meet the eligibility requirement of the post in question as per the recruitment rules.
It has been left entirely to the Central Government as to how it has to deal with these questions.
The entries in the Hotel Register were made by Tahir for most of the day we stayed in the Hotel.
They have a right to express their views.
We must look at a shared future leaving behind the divisions of the past.
It was then held that: “ begins with the words “Subject to the provisions of this section,  and those introductory words are enough to warn anybody that the provision following immediately is not absolute, but is going to be qualified in some way by what follows.
In consultation with the Management Board, he shall design and implement the organizational structure and management of the CESU.
He also maintains the books of account and he has his own factory in the name and style of ‘Ashirwad Enterprise’ and manufactures plastic.
My entire family and home, is also in India.
In our considered opinion, respondent No. 1 was not able to prove that the ailments which she suffered after she returned home from the Hospital on 08.08.1996 were as a result of faulty surgery performed by the appellant.
That the variety may have adverse effect on the environment.
Efforts are continuing for scale - up of these technologies to make them commercially viable.
In this case, the grievance regarding under valuation of the property could have been raised by the debtor by way of a formal application to be filed for setting aside the sale, as per the statutory provisions (Rule 38).
The European Court of Human Rights found that a suspected criminal could not be extradited to the United States because of the psychological harm he would suffer if he were to be sentenced to death and held on death row.
In the supplementary agreement dated 28.04.1966, the vendors acknowledged that they had received Rs. 6,000/- from the plaintiffs under the agreement dated 20.09.1965; and also stated that they had delivered possession of a part of the land in question on 14.11.1965 and that they had delivered the possession of entire land to the vendees in part performance.
This need not be gone into in view of our finding on the first point.
We kept on meeting them during this period.
He also proved that the appellant (A-16) was present in the Al Hussaini Building when the vehicle bombs were being prepared.
The President concluded requesting the innovation scholars, writers and artists, especially the young amongst them, to remember in future when they are at the zenith of their creativity that'an old man once expressed his good will for your success .
The only provision in the Pension Regulations at the relevant time during the operation of VRS 2000 concerning voluntary retirement was Regulation 29 and sub-regulation (5) thereof provides for weightage of addition of five years to qualifying service for pension to those optees who had completed 20 years' service.
Thus it is only the interlocutory orders granting or refusing bail which are made appealable, and no other interlocutory orders, which is made clear in , which lays down that an appeal shall lie to the High Court from any judgment, sentence or order, not being an interlocutory order of a Special Court.
We agree with the conclusion reached by our brother Untwalia, J., as also with the reasoning on which the conclusion is based.
This would mean that as a result of the Forty-sixth Amendment, the contract which was single and indivisible has been altered by a legal fiction into a contract which is divisible into one for sale of goods and other for supply of labour and services and as a result such a contract which was single and indivisible has been brought on a par with a contract containing two separate agreements.
Adverting to the argument predicated on IPC, submission of Mr. Basant was that ingredients of this Section could not be established during the trial inasmuch as there was no demand for ransom as neither PW-5 nor PW-17 deposed to this effect.
Security Using encryption, a feature available with all video conferencing systems, the video calls will have a high level of security.
I would like to recall the words of Mahatma Gandhi, as also quoted by Her Majesty, Queen Noor in her recent book, 'Leap of Faith 'and I quote,' Palestine belongs to the Arabs in the same sense that England belongs to the English and France to the French '.
A.S. Meenakshi had given up her share.
However, deterrence assumes that every individual knows the legal penalties applicable to him/her in case s/he commits a crime.
I am told that 72 Korean companies are participating in this exhibition to showcase products from a range of sectors such as tools and machinery, chemicals and transport.
The beach is ideal for fishing, marinating in the sun and paddling the boat.
It does not effectively determine any right or obligation of the parties to the lis.
Inspite of being punished on earlier occasions that too on four occasions, the petitioner did not mend himself.
Thus, when there can be Regulators which can fix the charges for telecom companies in respect of various services that such companies provide to the consumers; when Regulators can fix the premium and other charges which the insurance companies are supposed to receive from the persons who are insured, when Regulators can fix the rates at which the producer of electricity is to supply the electricity to the distributors, we fail to understand as to why there cannot be a regulatory mechanism when it comes to education which is not treated as purely economic activity but welfare activity aimed at achieving more egalitarian and prosperous society by empowering the people of this country by educating them.
In the absence of any such evidence, it cannot be presumed that - 9. there was breach of the conditions of policy.
But there is more.
The person who has confessed shall be produced before the court of Chief Metropolitan Magistrate or CJM along with the recorded confession within 48 hours.
It is apparent that SRMTL has lost its substratum and that chances of its revival are negligible.
It is pertinent to note that the CFSL Report dated 17/7/1995 states that the various articles such as cloth piece, carpet piece, chatai, etc. recovered on 4/7/1995 from the said flat were stained with the blood of ‘B’ group.
However partial molar pregnancies can sometimes be more difficult to diagnose.
Having regard to the facts and circumstances of the case, we deem it proper to direct the respondent not to recover the excess amount withdrawn by the appellant.
He further submits that it is essentially meant for Private Institutions in terms of judgment passed by the Supreme Court from time to time.
The impress of Economics is strong while examining various facets of the issues arising under the aforesaid laws.
It was sought to be argued by Ms. Kiran Suri that as per Note 2(b), when these LCDs are used solely for particular instrument, namely, electricity supply meter, it has to be classified with the said meter and, therefore, Chapter Entry 9028 would get attracted.
The petitioner was arrested on 24.07.2019 and ever since he has been in custody.
Therefore, from the finding of the total income of Rs.34,76,65,654/- of the High Court, an amount of Rs.18,17,46,000/- is liable to be deducted and the total income would be only Rs.16,59,19,654/- and not Rs.34,76,65,654/-.
50) It was submitted that in the present case, at the time RJIL filed its Information before the CCI on November 08, 2016 as also when the prima facie order was passed on April 21, 2017, TRAI was seized of the matter pertaining to provisioning of POIs and even made certain recommendations to the DoT on October 21, 2016.
If the collegium is composed of persons who are expected to have knowledge of the persons who may be fit for appointment on the Bench and have _ qualities required for appointment and this last reqirement is absolutely essential— it would go a long way towards securing the right kind of Judges, who would be truly independent in the sense we have indicated above and who would invest the judicial process with significance and meaning for the deprived and exploited sections of society.
Luggage of larger dimension are to be carried only by brake van.
Preventive measures like early detection and timely intervention can reduce the incidence of disabilities particularly in children in the 0 to 6 age group.
Initially the suit came to be dismissed for default, but an application was made under Order 9 Rule 9 of Code of Civil Procedure to set aside the said order.
It is to be borne in mind that before the incident, the appellant was hail and healthy who enjoyed robust health as it has emerged from the record that he was working as Goundi i.e. at the building construction sites.
The appellant was a friend of Javed Chikna and he accompanied Javed Chikna, A-100 and others while going to seashore in a jeep.
Its decisions must be guided by public interest.
In case of default, breach or non-compliance of any of the terms and conditions of the auction or mis -representation by the bidder and/or intending purchaser, the earnest money shall be forfeited.
Moreover, after delivery of such softwares as per requirement, in order to make it fully functional and hassle free functioning subsequent to the delivery of softwares in many cases, there can be requirement of technical personnel to visit the client on site.
7) Similar contentions as raised before the single Judge and the Division Bench of the High Court were raised before us by both the parties.
The challenge in the writ petitions was to the appointment made by the High Court to the post of Direct Recruit District Judges in the unfilled reserve vacancies, to the extent of 34 in number by way of promotion from the 'in service candidates' by applying Rule 8(2) of the Uttar Pradesh Higher Judicial Service Rules, 1975 (hereinafter referred to as 'the Rules').
That does not mean that the first post in all the Corporations should now lie vacant.
I am further directed to inform you that if such a counterstatement is not received in this Registry within the aforesaid time you that applicants will be deemed to have abandoned your/ their application (vide of the Trade and , 1999).
Allotment may be separately examined .
If this is so for an appellate proceeding, it ought to be so for an original proceeding as well with this difference that the time already taken to file the original proceeding, i.e. the time prior to institution of the original proceeding cannot be excluded.
It is not possible to accept this contention.
The jurisdiction of the High Court, to interfere with the quantum of punishment is limited and cannot be exercised without sufficient reasons.
Anil Kale (PW-5), brother of the deceased was also present there.
But modern medicine and technology may yet enable such patients to prolong life to no purpose and during such prolongation, patients could go through extreme pain and suffering.
In sub-section (1), clause (f), sub-clause (iii), delete the words “a company or  before the words “an association or a body of individuals.
In short, these appeals deal with the definition of 'related person' and the price at which valuation is to take place if sales are made to 'related persons' in the course of wholesale trade.
It is not that in every case a stone would constitute a dangerous weapon.
It is not that in every case a stone would constitute a dangerous weapon.
The prosecution examined in all 28 witnesses and 53 documents were exhibited.
It is enough if the appellant apprehended that such an offence is contemplated and is likely to be committed if the right of private defence is not exercised.
From plain reading of Sub Rules (3) and (4) of Rule 43-C it is clear that CCL even beyond 730 days can be granted by combining other leave if due.
The DNA typing results of the blood samples of Mohanakrishnan and Manoharan were compared with the DNA profile of the hair in the panties [M.O.1].
The Ithna Ashari and the Fatimi schools, however, do not recognize the remaining two forms and thus preserve the ancient conventions of the times of the Law-giver.
As a result, on 20.07.2016, the respondent wrote to the appellant stating that as disputes and differences had arisen between the parties, notice was given of appointment of Mr. Mihir Naniwadekar, Advocate, as sole arbitrator.
The interest of justice may suffer if the counsel conducting the trial is physically or mentally unfit on account of any disability.
At the stage of issuance of process to the accused, the Magistrate is not required to record detailed orders.
The banks acted as mute spectator to unapproved diversion which was almost happening evidently in all banking transactions.
The Special Court further held that three out of eight cases referred to in the charge sheet were at the instance of Sudhir Singh and that the offences complained of are in the nature of a gang war between the rival groups in the State of Uttar Pradesh.
The 1974 Act was enacted with a view to provide for the abolition of wagering or betting on horse-races in the State of Tamil Nadu.
The law of monogamy under the Hindu Marriage Act is, indeed, full of serious shortcomings and loopholes.
The Division Bench as well as learned Single Judge has already noted that hotel has already commenced its operation and contracts have been made with third parties for the operation of the hotel and bookings are also being taken from the customers.
The nature of jurisdiction exercised by the superior forum and the content or subject matter of challenge laid or which could have been laid will have to be kept in view.
It is here to evolve.
The President said that our health coverage strategy should look beyond medical cure and intervention.
The President said that our health coverage strategy should look beyond medical cure and intervention.
The same was dishonoured.
After 1970, when India adopted a new Patents legislation, where we had adopted a process regime, the situation was reversed.
Unlike other documents, the will speaks from the death of the testator and therefore the maker of the will is never available for deposing as to the circumstances in which the will came to be executed.
Multiplicity of multiplexes beyond the requirement in the State.
It is by now, fairly well settled that not only the Government but all public bodies are trustees of the power vested in them and custodians of public interest.
Any education properly imparted is a constant allurement to learn.
In the said OA there is not even a whisper of a challenge to the policy of giving weightage to the promotees.
No penal proceedings, much less any criminal proceedings, have been initiated against the appellants.
Similarly, the factors for consideration in dealing with anticipatory bail applications as are now mentioned in the new Section are only illustrative in nature and the same, along with other relevant factors are indeed being taken into consideration while making final orders on such applications inspite of the fact that these have not been expressly incorporated in the pre-amended Section.
In this case, the Labour Court found that a charge against the employee in respect of a serious misconduct was proved.
The economic dimension of the bilateral relationship has huge untapped potential.
As the length of the period of over due increased, the account of the borrower is progressively classified from 'sub-standard' to 'loss'.
Accused No.2-Balvir Singh and accused No.3- Bhav Singh are the real brothers of accused No.1-Harnam Singh.
Accused No.2-Balvir Singh and accused No.3- Bhav Singh are the real brothers of accused No.1-Harnam Singh.
However, for the purposes of the contract such levy being an existing levy must be deemed to have been part of the rates or prices quoted.
However, for the purposes of the contract such levy being an existing levy must be deemed to have been part of the rates or prices quoted.
The US Federal Court Judgments from Chandler to McBryde accept such a position.
The Law Commission is of the view that no amendment of the Constitution is necessary in our country if a law is made by Parliament enabling the Judicial Council to impose ‘minor measures’ as part of an in-house mechanism.
Shri Vishwanathan leading the arguments on behalf of the defendants submitted that no patent rights can be exercised with respect to genetically modified cotton planting seeds being developed by the defendants through conventional breeding methods and sold to the farmers.
The counsellors can be assigned the responsibility by the court to counsel the parties.
Sections 174 and 178 of the Act are relevant for the disposal of the appeal.
This is, of course, de hors any private lis pending between the parties.
Seethamma died only in the year 1938.
The former colonial territories of Africa and Asia introduced protective legislation, often modeled on that of their former overlords, as soon as they achieved independence.
When the father himself happens to be the assailant in the commission of such beastly crime, one can visualize the pathetic situation in which the girl would have been placed and that too when such a shameless act was committed in the presence of her own mother.
We would very much like to enhance our bilateral co - operation in these areas, learn from the successful experience and practices of Finland and join Finland in creating new and innovative products and technology.
It is likely that this provision may not be acceptable to countries on the other side of the negotiating table.
Normally three Sessions of the Lok Sabha are held in a year.
The recovery of the prosecutrix by the brother and her friends also creates a cloud of suspicion.
The said FIR was registered by the Crime Branch of Delhi Police, New Delhi.
No doubt, the complaint made by the petitioners is that their fundamental rights are infringed and it is a truism to say that this Court as the guardian of the fundamental rights of the citizens will always attempt to safeguard the said fundamental rights; but having regard to the decision of this Court in State Trading Corporation of India Ltd.1, we do not see how we can legitimately entertain the petitioners’ plea in the present petitions, because if their plea was upheld, it would really mean that what the corporations or the companies cannot achieve directly, can be achieved by them indirectly by relying upon the doctrine of lifting the veil.
The first issue that arises is, whether any express right or obligation existed, between the respondent-employees and the State Government.
The controversies regarding these matters are but contentions whereby the parties seek to establish, on the one hand, that the Instrument of Accession still governs their mutual rights and obligations and, on the other, that that Instrument stands superseded and is no longer in force.
The report of the Committee is accepted and the State Government is directed to implement the recommendations contained in Part V thereof including the recommendation relating to creation of Corpus Fund of Rs.3,43,19,160 which shall be utilized for implementing the conservation plan for Jambunatheswara temple.
At this juncture, are before the Court.
Their Lordships opined that: 'if any of the witnesses are accomplices who are particeps criminis in respect of the crime charged, their evidence must be treated as the evidence of accomplices is treated; if they are not accomplices but are partisan or interested witnesses, who are concerned in the success of the trap, their evidence must be tested in the same way as other interested evidence is tested by the application of diverse considerations which must vary from case to case, and in a proper case, the Court may even look for independent corroboration before convicting the accused person'.
It was then contended on behalf of the manufacturers/formulators that the delegate of a power cannot travel beyond its authorization.
The petitioners were placed at serial No.9 onwards.
The Court further directed (by the same order), that all the alleged contemnors would not leave the country, without the permission of this Court.
According to them there was no occasion for any quarrel/confrontation or unpleasantness in the family qua this issue.
The limitation on the states’ power to tax must as a consequence be found in constitutional limitations.
The SHGs procure the required spare - parts from a reliable supply source.
The advancement of technology ought to be utilised also for service on parties or receiving communication from the parties.
Over the years, India has changed socially, economically, and globally.
In this case adopting this principle if the multiplier of 17 is adopted the compensation on account of loss of future income comes to Rs.24,000/- x 17 = Rs.4,08,000/-.
Explanation 2.—For the avoidance of doubt, the test as to whether there is a contravention with the fundamental policy of Indian law shall not entail a review on the merits of the dispute.
Such subsequent sentence would continue and shall remain unaffected by the remission or commutation of the earlier sentence.
Subsequently on the same day, Sawant family informed that accused is available at their residence.
At that point of time, Gyan Singh fired a gunshot from a country made pistol which entered from the back of the deceased and went out of the stomach of the deceased.
By merely giving bids, the bidders had not acquired any vested rights.
We may now consider the contention on behalf of the interveners that the appellants were liable to pay compensation for the damage caused by the plant to the environment.
In the judgment under review, this Court also expressed the opinion that for effectively performing the functions and exercising the powers of the Information Commission, there is a requirement of a judicial mind.
To him, the essential ingredients of rule of law were (a) the absolute supremacy of regular law (b) equality before the law (c) access to justice and development of law by the judges on a case by case basis.
She used to do all household works and she used to run away from matrimonial home after 6-7 months.
It is clearly noticeable that the statutory remedies have cleverly been bypassed and prosecution route has been undertaken for instilling fear amongst the individual authorities compelling them to concede to the request for one time settlement which the financial institution possibly might not have acceded.
Ors.9 This argument, in effect, is to assert that the legislators who are practising as advocates are per se guilty of professional 7 (2014) 9 SCC 1 8Judgment delivered on 4th July, 2018 in Civil Appeal No.2357 of 2017; (2018) 8 SCALE 72 9 (2015) 3 SCC 467 misconduct including conflict of interest.
We are, thus, of the view that there is no merit in the appeal, which is dismissed leaving the parties to bear their own costs.
It is another matter that a Red Notice issued by Interpol acts as a de facto international arrest warrant.
As Visitor of central institutions of higher learning, he has visited over 100 institutions and has held seven conferences at Rashtrapati Bhavan so far.
High literacy has also had an impact on other, more recent, socio-economic parameters.
No such reason has come on record in her file notings.
No such reason has come on record in her file notings.
The regulatory authorities shall then take a decision after considering the views communicated to it and convey the decision to the applicant within the next 30 days.
Such change would constitute a positive step in ensuring that the law is fair and just towards Christian women.
Secondly, It is part of any sovereign government to ensure a welfare State.
There is neither any order of appropriation during the pendency of the appeal nor any attachment on the pre-deposit.
In our opinion, the constitution of the State Child Protection Society and the District Child Protection Unit need serious consideration so that all stake-holders, including the police and NGOs are actively involved in the performance of the functions, duties and responsibilities of these two bodies.
Both these statements were made by her in sequence and were recorded at the same time one after the other.
It was also contended that the name of Shankara Rao was mutated during his life-time and upon his death, it was recorded in the name of Shakutalabai.
The patronizing attitude towards the role of women compounds the difficulty in accepting the logic of Nergesh Meerza.
It is also brought to our notice that in another set of petitions where the accused persons have been granted bail by the competent court, the State has already given approval to file application for cancellation of bail before the High Court and the Government counsel has been instructed that necessary action may be taken for moving such applications.
And that, it would be improper to negate the process even before the experiment had begun.
Both the United Provinces Acts have fallen into disuse and taxes are not imposed under these Acts.
Only because they are graduates, they cannot, in our opinion, claim equality with the holders of diploma in Engineering.
In other words, there is no material on record to find if the respondent-society or its members suffered any loss; and if so, the extent thereof.
The Act provides for reporting of sexual offences and the punishment for failure to report or record punishment for filing false complaint and/or false information.
The right is intimately related to the right to privacy.
The report underlines that the relationship between an individual’s biometric traits and data records has the potential to cause disenfranchisement, when a section of the population is excluded from the benefits of positive claim systems.
Article III (1)[116] of the American Constitution stipulates that Judges of the Supreme Court and also the inferior Courts established by Congress shall hold their office during good behavior and they cannot be removed except through the process of impeachment[117].
Mr. Parasaran submitted that there is a similar provision in the 1997 Regulations applicable to the Graduate M.B.B.S. course.
As stated above, we have not been able to enrich Hindi language as mandated under Article 351 even for the use of the common man 58 throughout the country.
There cannot be any dispute that a confession made by the accused in police custody is an inadmissible confession.
It was pointed out that where the promotion is based on seniority-cum-merit, the officer cannot claim promotion as a matter of right by virtue of his seniority alone and if he is found unfit to discharge the duties of the higher post, he may be passed over and an officer junior to him may be promoted.
The water in which fish are farmed is important for the development of a good harvest.
To remove the safety cap, press it down, PULL the cord and keeping it pulled, LIFT the cap off the valve of the cylinder.
The President may exercise that power through the office of an Administrator to such extent as he thinks fit.
Therefore, when Rule 14(d) says that the investigation must be terminated if the 'volume' of the dumped imports is less than 3% of the imports of the like product, it must mean that the quantity of dumped imports must account for less than 3% of the total imports.
Counsel submitted that recovery of blade from the possession of the appellant is also not proved.
It also follows that the legislature has the power to create Tribunals with reference to specific enactments and confer jurisdiction on them to decide disputes in regard to matters arising from such special enactments.
The agreement clearly contemplates the proportion of allocation of a capacity.
The need of a solvent is not only for the purpose of storage and transport of the chemical, but also for retaining the suitability of the product after it is manufactured.
The First Appellate Court referred not only to the Commissioner’s report but also to the oral and documentary evidence adduced by the parties.
A license in respect to real estate is defined to be an authority to do a particular act or series of acts on another’s land without possessing any estate therein .
Considering the above principle, this Court, vide order dated 04.10.2012, granted the opportunity to the Union of India to represent its case.
The Railway Contributory Provident Fund is by definition a fund.
The company is a dormant company & did not have any significant transaction.
It is immaterial that the cheque may have been filled in by any person other than the drawer, if the cheque is duly signed by the drawer.
It is immaterial that the cheque may have been filled in by any person other than the drawer, if the cheque is duly signed by the drawer.
The Commission felt that a liberal grant of leave to appeal had the tendency to adversely affect the prestige of the High Courts.
West Bengal is one of the few States in India with surplus power.
They remained for 15 days in Dubai and their visa expired.
The fact that the concerned Judge started tweeting his views after his retirement, is not in dispute.
In view of the above, in the presence of all the learned counsel for the parties we have drawn the lots in the open Court and by draw of lots, the appellant succeeds.
The prosecution successfully proved its case and to that extent he has been convicted by the Designated Court.
NIOS has to develop a comprehensive system to ensure that the capacity building activities becomes an integral component at all levels including the functionaries working under the State Open Schools (SOSs).
A court of equity refuses relief to a plaintiff whose conduct in regard to the subject matter of the litigation has been improper.
A court of equity refuses relief to a plaintiff whose conduct in regard to the subject matter of the litigation has been improper.
After holding that Judicial Office must be the part of Judicial Service of the State, position held by Shri K.N. Srivastava was detailed and this Court came to the conclusion that the office held by Shri K.N. Srivastava was not a Judicial Office and he was not qualified as Judge of the High Court.
Pursuant to an order, the amicus carried out surprise inspection, one such being in Banswara on 28.6.2019; the amicus was accompanied by the Secretary, Legal Services Authority, Banswwra and the Chief Judicial Magistrate.
Whereas it has come to the notice of the University that Prof. Ramesh Chandra is one of the signatories who subscribed their names to the proposed formation of a Society by the name 'Dr. B.R. Ambedkar Centre for Biomedical Research' with the description of its office as 'old USIC Building Delhi University Campus, Delhi-7'.
It was, thus, contended that the lease deed was the outcome of fraud played upon him and, therefore, was not enforceable.
A Special Monitoring Committee reviews the functioning of existing Cells.
Mature technology is a popular term for any technology for which any improvements in deployment are evolutionary rather than revolutionary.209 Once a biometric system is compromised, it is compromised forever.
I am sure alumni of this University will play a fruitful role in its affairs in the times to come.
My husband Pinakin is a very good man and he is not responsible.
It is not disputed that the two notifications under and were issued on behalf of the State Government.
The mere fact that in the present case, the Government has not accepted a few recommendations will not automatically affect the validity of the entire report.
The mere fact that in the present case, the Government has not accepted a few recommendations will not automatically affect the validity of the entire report.
Let a copy of this order be made available to Mr. Justice B.N. Agrawal, who has been appointed by this Court, by tomorrow, to enable His Lordship to oversee the working of the Order of 31st August, 2012, and this Order passed by us today.
Experience has shown that there has been a constant discontentment amongst the members of the higher judicial service in regard to their seniority in service.
Per contra, the learned Senior Counsel for Duro Felguera and FGI submitted that merely because MoU refers to Original Package No.4 Tender Document, such mere reference cannot lead to an inference of arbitration clause being incorporated as it only depends upon the intention of the Parties.
State represented by Inspector of Police2, we must immediately accept the stand of the petitioner that the sentences in respect of offences under IPC and / of the Arms Act also cannot be reckoned for considering the proposal for premature release of the petitioner.
Relevant orders of the Govt. of India in respect of reservation of Scheduled Caste, Scheduled Tribe, physically handicapped person, OBC are followed as well in Tea Board.
It was also revealed that the appellants and conspirators were successful in their plan and the appellants secured the requisite marks in the PMT examination which enabled them to get admission in MBBS course at the cost of deserving candidates who despite clearing the examination could not secure admissions in MBBS Course in the respective years.
The Corporation 's financial assistance is meant to help co - operatives for creation of common infrastructural facilities like godowns, processing units and other income generating assets; it equips co - operatives with equity and margin money for raising bank credit.
The Livestock Insurance Scheme has been formulated with the twin objective of providing protection mechanism to the farmers and cattle rearers against any eventual loss of their animals due to death and to demonstrate the benefit of the insurance of livestock to the people and popularize it with the ultimate goal of attaining qualitative improvement in livestock and their products.
The Livestock Insurance Scheme has been formulated with the twin objective of providing protection mechanism to the farmers and cattle rearers against any eventual loss of their animals due to death and to demonstrate the benefit of the insurance of livestock to the people and popularize it with the ultimate goal of attaining qualitative improvement in livestock and their products.
The government aided schemes include immunization drives, special steps to deal with epidemics, programmes for elimination of dangerous diseases, and numerous education and training programmes.
It is for this reason the bids submitted in various standards which are floated by IOCL at different places are almost identical despite varying cost.
As such, the appellant addressed communication dated 28.04.2009 keeping its notices dated 15.11.2008 and 17.01.2009 in abeyance till the matter was resolved between the appellant and the GMDC/Government of Gujarat.
Reforms in police and judiciary need to be taken up on a continuing basis and in all earnest, so that women get fair and prompt justice.
He drove one of the two trucks bearing no. 5533 in which silver bars as told to him by Shabbir Kadri were loaded on 09.01.1993 at Dighi Jetty.
With these words, I thank you all once again for your attention and President Mahama, for your kind presence and solidarity.
It must therefore be ascertained whether the measures implemented by that regulation are appropriate for attaining those aims and do not go beyond what is necessary to achieve them (see Volker and Markus Schedule and Eifert, paragraph 74).
It is agreed that the work in the said units shall be completed within 12 months.
Taken literally, the word 'paid' does mean actually paid in cash.
Shri Gonsalves submits that in spite of State Pollution Control Board as well as Comptroller Auditor General having invited the attention of the State of Meghalaya towards serious pollution especially in the river water, no steps were taken by the State of Meghalaya.
The common areas shall be enjoyed jointly.
Aggrieved by the judgment and award of the Tribunal, the appellants filed an appeal before the High Court questioning the correctness of the findings recorded on the contentious issue Nos.1 & 2 contending that rejection of the claim petition by it is not only erroneous in fact but also suffers from error in law.
The appellants shall surrender to serve the remaining sentence, within a period of four weeks from today.
While in most of the cases the supplementary feed is limited to the mixture of groundnut oil cake and rice bran at 1: 1 ratio by weight, non - conventional ingredients can also be used to compound the feed.
He found Ratna in bath room and appellant was pouring water on her.
He found Ratna in bath room and appellant was pouring water on her.
The appellant admittedly did not disclose the material facts in this petition.
As can be seen from the narration of facts, no charge sheet or challan was filed against the petitioner on the 60th day but was filed before the conclusion of 90 days.
With a view to bring about an organized development of these systems and standardize the mode of treatment by the practitioners of these systems, legislations have been framed by both the State Governments as well as the Central Government.
There is no cross examination by the defence on this aspect.
As per the aforesaid time-schedule, the applicant-college desirous of increasing the admission capacity is to submit the application from 1st August to 30th September.
The High Court has issued directions for counting the services rendered in the Irrigation Department of the State of Punjab for calculating pension of the respondent in Punjab State Electricity Board.
While disposing of the Writ Petition, the learned Single Judge of the Delhi High Court, inter alia, held that Oil Companies cannot assign the running of petrol pumps on the land of the writ petitioners without their consent.
While disposing of the Writ Petition, the learned Single Judge of the Delhi High Court, inter alia, held that Oil Companies cannot assign the running of petrol pumps on the land of the writ petitioners without their consent.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee laid the Foundation Stone of a State Cancer Institute and inaugurated the Foundation Day celebrations of the Kidwai Memorial Institute of Oncology in Bengaluru today (December 23, 2015).
As noted above, contains a well thought and carefully considered a regime of punishment.
As a result, we have many players who are responsible for public expenditure and for delivering services - not only the Central and State Governments but also local bodies, registered societies and NGOs etc.
Untouchability in any form is a legal phraseology, and no more addition is necessary. 81 After Patel’s explanation, HV Kamath and P Kunhiraman withdrew their amendments, while the amendment moved by Nagappan was rejected.
The Committee may also involve educational institutions for awareness and feedback about results.
Such is the militant dominance of this sprawling evil, that majority of the sensible, rational and discreet constituents of the society imbued with moral values and groomed with disciplinal ethos find themselves in minority, besides estranged and resigned by practical compulsions and are left dejected and disillusioned.
In view of the foregoing discussion, Civil Appeal arising out of SLP (Civil) No.31051 of 2015 being without any merits is dismissed.
Courts are required to carry out the legislative intent fully and completely.
We thus feel it would be proper for us to follow the ratio of the judgment in Noor Aga's case particularly as the provisions of Section 50 of the Act which are mandatory have also not been complied with.
Report highlights the manner in which it is being conducted.
Report highlights the manner in which it is being conducted.
Microscopy services to detect the infectious cases among those people attending health care facilities with symptoms of pulmonary tuberculosis, most importantly cough of 3 weeks duration or more.
Kuldeep & Anr. evidence.
While considering the revision, the High Court should have kept in view that the parties are yet to go for trial and the appellants ought to have been afforded the opportunity to contest the suits on merits.
While considering the revision, the High Court should have kept in view that the parties are yet to go for trial and the appellants ought to have been afforded the opportunity to contest the suits on merits.
The grounds urged by the learned senior counsel for the appellant Mr. U.U. Lalit are stated hereunder :- It was submitted that the courts below have committed a grave error of law by convicting the appellant despite the prosecution having failed to prove the case against the appellant and having not considered the tender age of 18 years of the appellant as also that the appellant has already undergone almost six years of imprisonment.
A learned Single Judge of the Allahabad High Court in following the dictum laid down in the above Paresh Chandra case and distinguishing the decision of this Court in has observed that “a person can be said to acquire a lien on a post only when he has been confirmed and made permanent on that post and not earlier , with which view we are in agreement.
Since both the Acts contained non obstante clauses, it was held that the 1985 Act, being later in point of time, would prevail over the 1951 Act.
Counsel for the appellant argued that Trial Court has not appreciated the evidence in proper perspective.
The examination conducted by the Commission being a competitive examination, the declaration of final result will thus be unduly delayed and the vacancies will remain unfilled for a long time.
In the FSL report, it is stated that bullet was “a fired and partially damaged Copper Cartridge/Soft Point Bullet with blood like substance on the same .
Far from finding fault with presence of a nominee of the Accountant General of the State and C&AG, the ICC would in our opinion appreciate any such step for the same would prevent misgivings about the working of the BCCI especially in relation to management of its funds and bring transparency and objectivity necessary to inspire public confidence in the fairness and the effective management of the affairs of the BCCI and the State Associations.
Far from finding fault with presence of a nominee of the Accountant General of the State and C&AG, the ICC would in our opinion appreciate any such step for the same would prevent misgivings about the working of the BCCI especially in relation to management of its funds and bring transparency and objectivity necessary to inspire public confidence in the fairness and the effective management of the affairs of the BCCI and the State Associations.
UTI AMC is managed on a commercial basis.
The voices of victims and witnesses are often silenced by threats and other coercive techniques employed by powerful accused persons.
It was in these circumstances that this Court observed that the decision of the National Industrial Tribunal in the form of an award having been implemented by the Central Government, it would not be permissible for the employer bank or the Union of India to take such a plea in the proceedings before the Court.
Main Steam Temperature: 535.64 deg.
To safeguard security of tenure and improve their conditions of service.
The LSA Act provides that the court-fees paid in a case placed before the Lok Adalat shall be refunded in the manner provided under the Court-fees Act, 1870 only if a compromise or settlement has been arrived at between the parties.
It must, of course, not be received in such a way as to cause prejudice to the accused as for example it should not be received as a disguise for a retrial or to change the nature of the case against him.
They could identify Sido Soren, Santosh Patra, Sasadhar Mahato, Lalmohan Tudu while Chhatradhar Mahato stated that the others were Kishnaji and Bikash.
Plasticizers are organic esters of low volatile nature.
The Tribunal next took on record the existing crops of the two States as per the information furnished in their common formats.
If the latter interpretation is taken, this provision would be applicable to multiple layers of persons who are related to the resolution applicant even remotely.
If the latter interpretation is taken, this provision would be applicable to multiple layers of persons who are related to the resolution applicant even remotely.
Various popular Hindi magazines and newspapers are made available to the staff members to familiarise them with contemporary usage of Hindi language,.
Provided that probates and letters of administration granted‐ (a) by a High Court, or (b) by a District Judge, where the deceased at the time of his death had a fixed place of abode situate within the jurisdiction of such Judge, and such Judge certifies that the value of the property and estate affected beyond the limits of the State does not exceed ten thousand rupees, shall, unless otherwise directed by the grant, have like effect throughout the other States.
Lady Constable Sunita of PCR has categorically denied that information regarding the incident was given to her on telephone by Rambir.
In fact, DW-3 Dr. C. Vijayendra, who terminated the pregnancy of the deceased stated that it is not necessary that a patient may suffer from depression after termination of pregnancy.
We also record our appreciation for the sustained endeavour put forth by Mr. Subramanium, learned senior counsel for the appellant, for it has been of immense value in rendering the judgment.
We also record our appreciation for the sustained endeavour put forth by Mr. Subramanium, learned senior counsel for the appellant, for it has been of immense value in rendering the judgment.
This new provision in is in consonance with the modern trends in penology and sentencing procedures.
The burden of proof is not static and may shift during the course of the evidence.
And all the commodities have been permitted for trading.
After quoting resolution adopted at the 1985 meeting hereinbefore referred to the framers of the scheme frown upon establishment of new regional training institu- tes as it would involve considerable expenditure and would, therefore, suggest feasibility of expanding the existing institutional arrangements available in the State of Andhra Pradesh and one set up at Gauhati by the Governments of Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur and Nagaland.
The High Court could not have re-appreciated the evidence and the concurrent findings rendered by the courts below ought not to have been interfered with by the High Court while exercising revisional jurisdiction.
The victim may require many operations over a period of two to three years.
Thus, it is apparent that when the stay has been granted in one matter and when the scheme was one, authorities were justified in the facts and circumstances of the instant case to stay their hands.
Out of 371 cases, petitioner is named as accused in 56 cases.
A possible confusion creeps into this discussion by equating life imprisonment with 20 years’ imprisonment.
Nag Devi’s apartment.
Authority of the court exists for advancement of justice and if any attempt is made to abuse that authority so as to produce injustice, the court has power to prevent abuse.
The trial court has pointed out that the accused persons were charged under , /, and / IPC to which they pleaded not guilty and opted for trial.
It was felt that Satpal Singh3 needed re-look insofar as cases covered under the 1988 Act prior to its amendment in 1994 were concerned.
The respondent felt aggrieved and filed an appeal before the Appellate Court.
Each of the petitioners gave their explanation by separate letters.
This judgment has no relevance with regard to reference to larger Bench.
These targets are expressed as levels of allowed emissions, or “assigned amounts .
The Trial Court held proved the facts that the deceased warded off the blow attempted by the accused No. 2 but when the deceased tried to escape, the appellant stabbed him with the spike.
This Court has struck down such legislation in a number of judgments.
This Court has struck down such legislation in a number of judgments.
That Shri Manoj Mishra, while functioning as Tradesman/B in the Kakrapar Atomic Power Project, vide his letter on 18-6-1994 to the Editor, 'Gujarat Samachar' newspaper, Surat, unauthorisedly communicated with the Press.
Infants fed animal milk should receive supplements of Iron and Vitamin C.
On the contrary, the respondent has permanently shifted his residence to another place and left the rooms completely to his brother for his occupation without obtaining the consent of the appellant.
On the contrary, the respondent has permanently shifted his residence to another place and left the rooms completely to his brother for his occupation without obtaining the consent of the appellant.
The aim of the ‘Sports Plus Initiative’ is to train talented children from the President’s Estate in different games using the sports facilities of the Rashtrapati Bhavan.
A penalty of blacklisting the firm M/s Gorkha Security for a period of 4 years from the date of this order, from participating the tenders in any of the department of Delhi Government/ Central Government/ Autonomous Body under the Government.
It is to be seen that although the evidence of a chance witness is acceptable in India, yet the chance witness has to reasonably explain the presence at that particular point more so when his deposition is being assailed as being tainted.
It is in this sense that it, is often said that justice must not only be done but must also appear to be done.
The Tribunal has allowed that claim which has been affirmed by the High Court.
Having regard to the rival contentions, in our view, so far as the restoration of room on the western side of the ground floor, the same can be decided alongwith the suit.
The exercise of the constituent power to introduce was cognizant of the necessity to protect national interests inherent in the governance of a National Capital.
He did Post Graduation Diploma in Business from IIM Ahmedabad.
The matter shall be immediately placed before the trial court upon receipt of copy of this Judgment.
Be it stated, the learned Judge had relied upon the judgment of Hori Ram Singh (supra), B. Saha (supra) and Gill’s case.
A situation that can arise in some cases where a Judge against whom investigation and inquiry is on, may reach superannuation and claim that the proceedings can no longer be continued.
The enabling power has been given to Wealth Tax Officer to override the normal rule of valuation of the properties that is the value which it may fetch in open market, Wealth Tax Officer can adopt in a case where he may think it fit to adopt such methodology.
He laid much emphasis on the diaries produced by the respondent which were kept in the normal course.
He laid much emphasis on the diaries produced by the respondent which were kept in the normal course.
We are of the opinion that the appellants are entitled to the costs throughout.
It is also not proper to expect him to give all minute details at that stage.
All industrial units would be encouraged to make use of new port facilities being set up.
The arbitrators or umpire shall, at the request of any party to the arbitration agreement or any person claiming under such party or if so directed by the Court and upon payment of the fees and charges due in respect of the arbitration and award and of the costs and charges of filing the award, cause the award or a signed copy of it, together with any depositions and documents which may have been taken and proved before them, to be filed in Court, and the Court shall thereupon given notice to the parties of the filing of the award.
The plaintiff must succeed on the strength of his own case, not on the weaknesses of the defendants.
The two-Judge Bench has noted three conditions in the said judgment.
Its object is to ensure that no vacancy remains unfilled for want of adequate number of direct recruits under their 15% [pic]quota.
The learned senior counsel contended that, therefore, the prayer of the petitioner to implicate respondents 10 to 15 by directing the prosecution agency cannot be ordered.
In legislative and deliberative assemblies, it is usual to decide questions by a majority of those present and voting.
It is proposed to widen the scope of the said section by including therein situations where the offence is committed with a view to compelling foreign states or international inter governmental organisations to do or abstain from doing any act or to pay a ransom.
Nor does the counter affidavit makes any averment to that effect.
On the request of Dasin Bai, he went to drop her to her house at Kotsagar Para, Kota, and after dropping her there when he was returning, Dasin Bai asked her to stay back at her house.
On the request of Dasin Bai, he went to drop her to her house at Kotsagar Para, Kota, and after dropping her there when he was returning, Dasin Bai asked her to stay back at her house.
Mannan (supra); and , (2011) 7 SCC 125).
Conservation and survey of flora, fauna, forests and wildlife.
The functions of the Board have been depicted in Section 11 of the SEBI Act.
We have heard both the learned senior counsel for the parties and perused the reports published in the Newspapers on the dates mentioned above which were taken into consideration suo-moto by the second respondent, wherein he has registered the FIR after being satisfied with the material facts published in the Newspapers that there is a cognisable offence to be investigated by the police against the appellant.
What can be delegated is the task of the subordinate legislation necessary for implementing the purposes and objects of the Act.
The Board has the overall power of supervision and management.
This Court held that while Section 23 of the Travancore-Cochin High Court Act is the general law, Section 98(2) is a special provision.
The sea water retreats about 5 kms during low tide and advances to the shore line again during high tide; each day makes this beach unique.
Bacterial wilt of pigeonpea is a serious soil - borne disease resulting in severe crop loss.
The Court held that free speech is provided under the First Amendment gave no absolute protection for every utterance.
The Court held that free speech is provided under the First Amendment gave no absolute protection for every utterance.
Later a compromise was effected on 15th July 2002 but this was short lived.
This leads us to conclude that the intention of the High Court was that upon deposit/payment of the further sum of Rs.69,500/- (in addition to the earlier sum of Rs.80,000/-), the sentence of imprisonment for six months would stand withdrawn.
This leads us to conclude that the intention of the High Court was that upon deposit/payment of the further sum of Rs.69,500/- (in addition to the earlier sum of Rs.80,000/-), the sentence of imprisonment for six months would stand withdrawn.
In our opinion, the High Court fell into grave error in not taking into consideration the uncontroverted documents relating to the appellant’s resignation from the post of Director of the Company.
We are told that there is a stay in the matter.
The confidentiality is always kept in the matter of investigation and it is not desirable to make available the police diary to the accused on his demand.
This submission was rejected.
The government may permit or consider another option to grant other place to the Ashram run by the institute if the population is enough and the plan has been granted by the government, and considering all the facilities of that Ashram.
It may be that the certificate containing the details in sub-section (4) of is not filed in the instant case, but that does not mean that secondary evidence cannot be given even if the law permits such evidence to be given in the circumstances mentioned in the relevant provisions, namely, and  .
Valid until annulled; esp., (of a contract) capable of being affirmed or rejected at the option of one of the parties.
Mr. Mahabir Singh, learned senior counsel for the respondent- the complainant.
And that is where the distinction between constitutional morality and social morality or ethicality assumes a distinguished podium, a different objective.
For this purpose, we give liberty to the appellants to make a suitable representation to the respondents in this behalf within a period of 30 days from today.
For this purpose, we give liberty to the appellants to make a suitable representation to the respondents in this behalf within a period of 30 days from today.
Similarly, arrest panchanama of accused No.2 Azad is also not drawn immediately after his arrest.
All legislation require consent of both the Houses of Parliament.
According to learned counsel, the finding on this issue is entirely untenable because this issue was already considered and dealt with by this Court in the case of Eastern Coalfields Ltd.(supra) and was rejected finding no merit therein.
According to learned counsel, the finding on this issue is entirely untenable because this issue was already considered and dealt with by this Court in the case of Eastern Coalfields Ltd.(supra) and was rejected finding no merit therein.
The batch comprises of 21 Officer Trainees selected through the Civil Service Examination conducted by the Union Public Service Commission and 2 Officer Trainees each from Supreme Audit Institutions of Nepal and Bhutan.
It can be seen from the formula that the total head office overhead during the contract period is first determined by comparing the value of work carried out in the contract period for the project with the value of work carried out by the contractor as a whole for the contract period.
In recent past, he organised various workshops on Urban Poverty Alleviation sponsored by Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation (HUPA), Government of India.
We feel that the accused can draw support from this case also.
As we have repeatedly emphasised, domestic enquiries must be conducted honestly and bona fide with a view to determine whether the charge framed against a particular employee is proved or not, and so, care must be taken to see that these enquiries do not become empty formalities.
He said there was pressing need to bring about a change in the mindset of the society so that women are treated with dignity and respect.
He further denied that Patiyawala field belongs to Basanti.
The presumption of innocence has also been recognised in certain circumstances to constitute a basic human right.
Her return to power was the result of hard work, persistent raising of issues that concern the public and effective communication of her vision of development and progress to the people at large.
On the other hand, the appellant’s appeal was for enhancement of compensation.
H. R. (1981).
Surat Railway station in Flying Queen Express from Surat to Bombay which exploded causing injuries to one passenger and further bomb device was kept at Pune Railway Station in Bangalore – Kurla Express train for causing explosion.
With regard to lis pendens, learned counsel for the appellants rightly referred to the judgment and decree passed in Regular Civil Suit No. 51 of 1973 and contended that presuming that the so-called batai patra was at all executed by Anantdeo, it was not open to him to execute the same pending disposal of the suit filed by Appellant 1 for partition of the property.
These standards published by BIS are exact replica of ISO 9000 standards.
The act or omission must be wilful.
This concern was voiced, amongst others, by the Principal Chief Conservator of Forests who sent a communication to the Commissioner & Secretary of the Forest Department on 31st August, 1992 inquiring whether permission for setting up a Film Studio and Allied Complex by the applicant could be issued or not.
Another alternate method is in a constructed room without roof and surrounded by shutter like walls so as to allow free passage of air but prevent any view of the interior.
This batch of appeals arise out of the common judgment of the High Court of Judicature at Allahabad, Lucknow Bench dismissing the writ petitions [W.P.No.6690 of 1996 (S/S) and batch] dated 14.09.2009, whereby the High Court upheld the award passed by the Industrial Tribunal and directed the appellant-university to consider the respondents for regularisation of their services as and when the vacancies arise and till that time they be paid the emoluments, which are being paid by university authorities to similarly situated workmen against the unsanctioned posts.
We also make it clear that the writ Court would consider the Management (employer) to be the contesting respondent who would be supporting the order of the Tribunal and opposing the writ petition.
The organs work in tandem and are not expected to be abused.
The organs work in tandem and are not expected to be abused.
So also possessing or even intending to use any forged or counterfeit currency notes or banknotes is not sufficient to make out a case under in the absence of the mens rea, noted above.
A constitutional court must be averse to accepting an interpretation which will reduce these aspirations of governance to a mere form, without the accompanying substance.
If prevention is a better measure to contain risk, then increased reliance on satellite communication for more accurate weather forecasts and better dissemination of such information would be crucial.
This Court gets an impression that in the entire conspiracy story put up by the prosecution, high Government officials are deliberately let off and very junior Officers were become scapegoat in order to ensure that a case under survives in respect of appellants as well who are not public servants.
In a suit for injunction filed by the respondent, the prayer made was to restrain the first and second defendant institutions and their men from illegally taking away from the possession of plaintiff or her employee, or interfering with the use and enjoyment of ambassador or causing damage to the car bearing registration number KL-11-AA-1473 in the ownership and possession of the plaintiff by way of a decree of injunction.
Learned counsel appearing for the accused, however, submitted that he had no previous criminal records and that apart from the circumstantial evidence, there is no eye-witness in the above case, and hence, the manner in which the crime was committed is not in evidence.
Learned counsel appearing for the accused, however, submitted that he had no previous criminal records and that apart from the circumstantial evidence, there is no eye-witness in the above case, and hence, the manner in which the crime was committed is not in evidence.
I call upon the private sector to also take steps in supporting this inclusive innovation movement.
Hydro-Choric acid is pumped through valve into a pan followed by potassium cyanide or sodium cyanide which is dropped mechanically in the pan producing lethal gas.
Good governance and transparency are being recognised as imperatives in corporate institutions and will be increasingly so in the future.
He may suspend the holder of an office listed in Schedule 14 for any period during which the person- (a) is under investigation for an offence, or (b) is subject to prescribed procedures.
The Division Bench referred to the principles laid down in P. Ramachandra Rao (supra) and, further taking note of the conduct of the accused, declined to quash the proceedings.
In such circumstances, we allow the appeal and set aside the impugned judgment.
It was submitted by Mr. Raval that for maintenance of judicial discipline this bench ought to refer the issue involved in the present matter to a bench of three Judges, and thereafter that bench should refer it to a bench of five Judges.
It was submitted by Mr. Raval that for maintenance of judicial discipline this bench ought to refer the issue involved in the present matter to a bench of three Judges, and thereafter that bench should refer it to a bench of five Judges.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee in his message on the eve of the martyrdom day of Guru Teg Bahadur has said, 'Guru Teg Bahadur’s Shaheedi Din is an occasion for all of us to remember the glory of his sacrifice.
This appeal arises from the final judgment and order dated 15th January, 2018 in L.P.A. No.2307 of 2016 passed by the Division Bench of the High Court of Judicature at Patna whereby the judgment and order passed by the Single Judge in Civil Writ Jurisdiction Case No.22208 of 2013 dated 22 nd August, 2016 allowing the writ petition preferred by the respondents inter alia for relief of payment of salary for the period from 1st October, 2001 till 3rd July, 2007 and consequently directing the appellants to pay the amount towards salary for the said period had been upheld.
More recently an alternate viewpoint of ‘purifying exclusivism’ has tended to intrude into and take over the political and cultural landscape.
The communication of this right has to be clear, unambiguous and individual.
The prosecution has to prove the guilt of the accused beyond all reasonable doubt and it is also the rule of justice in criminal law that if two views are possible on the evidence adduced in the case, one pointing to the guilt of the accused and the other towards his innocence, the view which is favourable to the accused should be adopted.
The prosecution has to prove the guilt of the accused beyond all reasonable doubt and it is also the rule of justice in criminal law that if two views are possible on the evidence adduced in the case, one pointing to the guilt of the accused and the other towards his innocence, the view which is favourable to the accused should be adopted.
We make it clear that if any selections are made pursuant to the policy decision, then the same shall be subject to final decision of the instant writ petition.
This Court can certainly direct the State to faithfully implement the provisions of the NFS Act.
Pothula Rama Rao (supra), particularly paragraphs 8-10, 11 and 16 of the reported decision.
Undue accumulation of wealth (assets of the LEGISLATORS) is not one of the grounds specified either under any of the abovementioned provisions or under Articles 102 and 191 of the Constitution which stipulate some of the disqualifications.
The laceration appears to have been caused by several attempts to introduce the penis into the vagine.
The State shall strive to promote the welfare of the people by securing and protecting as effectively as it may a social order in which justice, social economic and political, shall inform all the institutions of the national life.
Plastic sheets on the bed are to be avoided as they trap heat.
Without national unity, democracy would be endangered and there would be little progress toward social and economic reform.
I am happy to address this distinguished gathering and I congratulate the Infosys Science Foundation for instituting these awards which recognize and honour outstanding achievements of researchers and scientists across six categories.
The land was not given to respondent No.1 at concessional rates.
The land was not given to respondent No.1 at concessional rates.
India and Guatemala have traditionally shared warm and friendly bilateral relations – reflected in our fruitful cooperation in multilateral fora.
The defendants, of course, took the stand that they also did not want to lead any evidence.
Now, paint the inside of the box a very very dark black - preferably using acrylic paint. Leave the box to dry.
Hence, these freedoms are perceived to impose obligations of restraint on the state.
Section 34 application is based on the award and not on the fraud of the respondent and does not seek the relief of consequence of a mistake.
The High Court noted that the stand of the Appellant appeared to be that he awarded the sentence without being aware of the statutory provisions.
Section 29 is a provision, which contains restrictions on sharing information as is clear from the heading of the section.
In view of the above submission, this Hon’ble Court may kindly pass appropriate orders disposing of the present petition.
And so in succession, among the heirs of the descending branches of successors being grand children and great grand children and widow of any grandson or great grandson, and so on, as the case may be, in the case of their pre-deceasing the intestate.
Commenting upon the definition of ‘cost’ which is relied upon by the Contractors, it is the submission of the NHAI that it is totally misconceived because the definition of cost does not provide that wherever the word ‘cost’ is used in the contract, it is to be always construed as current or actual cost.
However, it is required to be noted that the aforesaid observations by the Tribunal are required to be considered in the context for which the observations are made.
This discretion, therefore, has to be exercised on public considerations alone.
I am delighted to see that the Roundtable has once again attracted an impressive galaxy of scholars, practitioners and thinkers from around the world and India.
A plea of fairness cannot be utilized to build Castles in Spain or permitted to perceive a bright moon in a sunny afternoon.
The fraudulent intention is writ large.
His military genius lay in the fact that he made effective use of intelligence and guerrilla tactics against more powerful enemies.
These persons committed this criminal act on account of our old enmity in connection of our lands.
The submission of the Appellant which found favour with the Trial Court and the First Appellate Court is that the vesting under the 1971 Act is only of the leasehold interest in the land.
In this behalf, one has to keep in mind the purpose with which was enacted and that has already been noted above.
In other words, the literal rule of interpretation simply means that we mean what we say and we say what we mean.
We must proceed in accordance with the law laid down in the judgments of the Supreme Court of India.
He put a hand gently on her shoulder.
But not women who are carrying or who have not passed a month after delivery.
This apart, approximately Rs.210 crores was received by PwCPL, Price Waterhouse (PW) and Lovelock and Lewes (LL).
Saturated fats are not heart healthy, since they are most known for raising your Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol ('bad' cholesterol).
Consequently, the writ petitions and appeals arising from the special leave petitions in Categories I and II except one arising out of SLP(C) No.23512 of 2014 are dismissed.
The Committee may give its consolidated recommendations based on the above and suggest measures to improve the implementation of the aforementioned guidelines and advisories, subject to budgetary resources available with the States and the UTs.
In September the following year, he was appointed Planning Minister in the Union Government.
I really fail to understand how this can be a fundamental right and whether there is any right at all reserved.
The facts of case (supra) were that the respondent-University had accepted the tender submitted by the appellant for construction of an indoor stadium.
It must be noted that these duties do not allow the Prosecutor to be lax in any of his duties as against the accused.
It must be noted that these duties do not allow the Prosecutor to be lax in any of his duties as against the accused.
Prevention of the extension from one State to another of infectious or contagious diseases affecting human beings.
Purchasing alcohol from a FL-1 shop would entail consuming it under the reproachful gaze of the dependants, especially the female members of the family.
Sexual intimacy is a core aspect of human experience and is important to mental health, psychological well being and social adjustment.
He referred to various extracts from the judgments in Gopalan (supra) to demonstrate that this was, in fact, incorrect as was read together with While Shri Gopal Sankaranarayanan may be correct, it is important to note that at least insofar as was concerned, none of the judgments except that of Fazl Ali, J. were prepared to read Articles 19 and 21 together.
Indira Kaushik never lived in the disputed house and was staying with her husband, Dr. Ravindra Kumar Sharma and that the three subsequent purchasers are 'bhoo-mafiyas' who had got the sale-deed executed from Indira Kaushik for petty amount and are trying to grab the said property.
Further, in order to fasten the vicarious liability in accordance with , the averment as to the role of the Directors concerned should be specific.
The court can exercise the power specified in Second Schedule of the Act.
Child marriages are also an easy way out for parents who want their daughters to obey and accept their choice of a husband for them.
Sharma submits that there is no relationship of landlord and tenant between the appellant and the respondents and, therefore, prays that the appeal be allowed.
Except as expressly provided by this Constitution  makes it clear that a Government servant holds the office during the pleasure of the President or the Governor except as expressly provided by the Constitution.
Generally, the stage of evidence in trial is merely proving the material collected during investigation and therefore, there is not much change as regards the material existing against the person so discharged.
This Court held that if Section 15 of the 1913 Act was amended during the pendency of the appeal before the Supreme Court, the decree of pre-emption would not be affected by such amendment.
The FDI Policy and the FEMA Regulations prohibit any other form of investment (non equity) in the said sector with an assured return/rate of return.
Besides, it is plain that the Board has used the expression “demurrage  not in the strict mercantile sense but merely to signify a charge which may be levied on goods after the expiration of free days.
The Commission has not awarded any Interest for the period during which the Order of stay of cancellation of the allotment was in operation on the request of the Respondent – Flat Purchaser.
In this view of the matter we find no substance in the matter.
In this view of the matter we find no substance in the matter.
Mobile Vans: 13 registration vehicles ‘chitrarths’ were circulatedin 26 ACs.
It was also submitted on behalf of the respondents that the competent authority the Joint Charity Commissioner had duly accorded sanction under the provisions contained in Section 36 of the Act, and at the relevant time, it was not open to Charity Commissioner to make much interference in such a matter.
Moreover, the power intensive consumers have been enjoying the benefit of a concessional tariff for quite some time, which too is a relevant factor to justify this classification.
This rule is also embodied in Section 16 in respect of order of succession among heirs of a female Hindu.
In this to and fro whatever remains of the patent period would also lapse.
The judiciary decides and adjudicates upon disputes in the course of which facts are proved and the law is applied.
The entry fee of Rs. 2. 5 crore is to be submitted before signing the license agreement.
They were aware that such a litigation was pending before this Court.
The President said it is necessary to develop in our students a scientific temper, which allows the flight of imagination beyond the realm of grades and classrooms.
The form, manner and fees for filing complaint under sub-section (1) shall be such as may be prescribed.
Israel has been extremely active in mobilising American opinion against Iran.
But the second definition does not in any way restrict the ambit of the word “law  in the first clause as extended by the definition of that word.
For hyperlinking to an internal page of this Website (not being the Home Page) the user must make a specific request for, and secure permission from NABARD prior to hyperlinking to, or framing, this Website or any of the contents, or engaging in similar activities. NABARD reserves the right to impose conditions when permitting any hyperlinking to, or framing of this Website or any of the contents.
We are of the view that in the garb of revisional jurisdiction under the above three Rent Control Statutes, the High Court is not conferred a status of second Court of first appeal and the High Court should not enlarge the scope of revisional jurisdiction to that extent.
We are of the view that in the garb of revisional jurisdiction under the above three Rent Control Statutes, the High Court is not conferred a status of second Court of first appeal and the High Court should not enlarge the scope of revisional jurisdiction to that extent.
The court has to be watchful and avoid the danger of allowing the suspicion to take the place of legal proof for sometimes, unconsciously it may happen to be a short step between moral certainty and legal proof.
Dispensing with the requirement of prior approval of specification and plans for setting up of filling plants, conversion of cylinders from one gas service to another & filling of cylinders between sunset and sunrise in respect of non - toxic non - flammable gases.
I have referred to the said pronouncement solely to emphasize on the role of the State to act in the greater welfare of the collective and how the public welfare has been treated to be at the zenith of law.
It becomes clear from a perusal of the constitutional provisions and the decisions by constitution benches of this Court referred to supra that the powers under Articles 77(3), 166(3) and 309 operate in completely different fields.
Therefore the word 'substantial' is not synonymous with 'dominant' or 'majority'.
This takes into account the fact that the child may be acting differently because the Baby is sick or upset.
However, some people become fatigued and weak, lose their appetite, lose weight, develop a fever or night sweats, and notice a sensation of being full—which is usually caused by an enlarged spleen.
It has been a guardian and a watch tower for the rule of law, seeking to secure for our citizens justice - social, economic and political - as enjoined in the preamble to our Constitution.
This is wrong.
Ashok Ghosal (Dermatologist) treated Anuradha Saha.
Dr. Sachdev Pvt. Ltd., Gurgaon.
On reaching the bungalow, Jafar Saheb collected their passports and air tickets and each one of them was given a fake name.
On reaching the bungalow, Jafar Saheb collected their passports and air tickets and each one of them was given a fake name.
However, media should be cautious not to sensationalise the same.
The amendment was accepted by Dr. Ambedkar.
Age alone cannot be a factor while considering whether the petitioners still have potentiality of committing crime or not as it will depend on changes in mental attitude during incarceration.  2.9.4 In Ravindra Trimbak Chouthmal Vs State of Maharashtra, (1996) 4 SCC 148, Hon’ble Supreme Court commuted the sentence of death to imprisonment for life and further ordered that sentence passed under Section 201 to run not concurrently but consecutively: While doing so, the Court observed: “We have given considered thought to the question and we have not been able to place the case in that category which could be regarded as the “rarest of the rare  type.
Excellency, as you are aware, even though the global economy has yet to recover from a particularly difficult downturn, the Indian economy, fortunately, has managed to remain on a positive trajectory.
Accordingly on 4.3.2014, in exercise of the powers conferred under Articles 129 and 142 of the Constitution of India, this Court ordered the arrest and detention of all the contemnors (except Mrs. Vandana Bhargava) in judicial custody at Delhi, till the next date of hearing.
Assuming there is no real distinction between a temporary Act and an Ordinance, I would then fall back on and respectfully agree with the view taken in S. Krishnan that for actions concluded under an Ordinance to continue after its shelf life is over, a savings clause is necessary.
The main objectives of the Act is to empower the Government: - (i) to take necessary steps for the development of industries; (ii) to regulate the pattern and direction of industrial development; (iii) to control the activities, performance and results of industrial undertakings in the public interest.
The prosecution story is opposed to ordinary human conduct.
The President called upon the young diplomats to pay special attention to Non Resident Indians whom he described as an important factor in India’s diplomacy.
On the basis of the mineral extracted and the decision rendered by this court, therefore, no similarity can be found between SAIL (case of consumption) and National Coal Development Corporation Limited (case of removal) although royalty is charged on dolomite and limestone, as in coal, on a per ton basis.
Even though, learned senior counsel appearing for the State sought for an adjournment beyond summer vacation, we are unable to accept his prayer for the simple reason that maximum part of the period of detention of the detenu is going to complete by the end of summer vacation.
At the relevant time, the similar view was expressed by Maninder Acharya Committee that the condition of free treatment of poor strata of society should be reasonable, but its implementation should be strictly enforced and in the event of default, strict action should be taken.
At the relevant time, the similar view was expressed by Maninder Acharya Committee that the condition of free treatment of poor strata of society should be reasonable, but its implementation should be strictly enforced and in the event of default, strict action should be taken.
When the first baby was born, A2-Pappathi came to their house and demanded a gold chain for the baby.
When the first baby was born, A2-Pappathi came to their house and demanded a gold chain for the baby.
The probationers are presently undergoing professional training at the National Academy of Customs, Excise and Narcotics, Faridabad. Among these probationers five are from the Royal Kingdom of Bhutan.
The High Court also took note of the document issued by the Executive Engineer dated 19th June, 1981 which also forms a part of record at Exh.-65A and noted that it reinforced the stand of the respondents that the appellant was not entitled to grant of the amount of Rs.80,000/- for additional lead for water.
In spite of the same, an exception is made in the newly inserted proviso where it is shown that in spite of due diligence, he could not raise a plea, it is for the court to consider the same.
You ought to have said with complete honesty that what you are trying to demolish is the Collegium System, which seems to be the object, and which is apparent to anyone.
Funds for all other activities mentioned above are met from Non - Plan Budget allocation for which cess levied on tea is the major source.
One of the members out of the three opined that the CBI may be asked for a criminal investigation into the matter.
One of the members out of the three opined that the CBI may be asked for a criminal investigation into the matter.
The bill once approved becomes a Finance Act and provisions in it are incorporated in the Income Tax Act.
The bill once approved becomes a Finance Act and provisions in it are incorporated in the Income Tax Act.
A bruise reddish in colour 8 x 2 cms in the form of a lathi mark on the lateral side of the upper part of upper thigh with infiltration of blood.
We are sure that upon implementation of the Report and the Bill by the States, the huge gap in the law in this behalf will be legislatively plugged.
And more importantly the members of the society have not utilized any part of the surplus for their own benefit.
And more importantly the members of the society have not utilized any part of the surplus for their own benefit.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has extended his greetings and felicitations to the Government and people of the Republic of the Marshall Islands on the eve of their Constitution Day (May 1, 2015).
Such an interpretation was consistent with the intention of legislature.
The learned Single Judge has purportedly referred to paragraph 7(b) of Appendix-IIas referred to in Regulation 48, 173 and 185 while coming to the conclusion that the respondent was not suffering from the disease on account of which he was invalidated out of the service at the time of his initial recruitment in the Indian Army.
His conduct must be entirely impartial and must dispel any suspicion regarding the genuineness of the investigation.
Proof of such intention or knowledge has to be necessarily, of a high order; all other hypotheses of innocence of the accused, have to be ruled out.
Insofar as appellant Kashmir Singh s/o Arjan Singh is concerned death sentence has been imposed on him by the Sessions Court and confirmed by the High Court for the following reasons: Similarly, Kashmir Singh appellant caused the death of a child Balbir Singh aged six years while asleep, a poor defenceless life put off by a depraved mind reflecting grave propensity to commit murder.
These judgments deal with the scope of interference in the awards passed by the arbitrators.
The allegations in the complaint are vague, sweeping and general.
It was held by the Court that a society is not on the same footing as the Government of India or the Government of any State, so what remains to be seen is whether it would fall under the ambit of ‘other authorities’.
She submits that there has been a constant increase in the number of incidents in recent years as a consequence of which citizens belonging to minority communities have become victims of targeted violence which mainly originate on suspicion and at times misinformation that the victims were 2 2018 (5) SCALE 51 involved in illegal cattle trade and such other activities.
On a perusal of the order we find that two aspects are clear, namely, (i) that the appellant was not before the court, and (ii) by no stretch of logic the observations and the directions were required to decide the lis.
The mere fact that the witness did not name the person whom he tried to catch does not lead to any contradiction since all eye-witness have stated that four persons came by 2 bicycles one of whom shoot Debol Ghosh.
The possibility that the acquirer would end-up making loses instead of generating a huge profit would not bring the situation within the realm of impossibility.
It is relevant to note that the appellants therein were government employees occupying premises allotted to them as service premises.
Rural Self Employment Training Institutes (RSETIs) programme (File referring to external site opens in a new window) has been initiated to tackle this issue.
Summons.- (1) When a suit has been duly instituted, a summons may be issued to the defendant to appear and answer the claim and to file the written statement of his defence, if any, within thirty days from the date of service of summons on that defendant: Provided that no such summons shall be issued when a defendant has appeared at the presentation of plaint and admitted the plaintiffs’ claim: Provided further that where the defendant fails to file the written statement within the said period of thirty days, he shall be allowed to file the same on such other day as may be specified by the Court, for reasons to be recorded in writing, but which shall not be later than ninety days from the date of service of Summons.
I have carefully gone through the statement made by PW 1 the father of the injured in the FIR.
Both offer and acceptance should be lawful.
The powers under Rule 10A which are to be exercised by the Court can very well be used by the NGT to obtain reports by experts.
That the judiciary is not far behind in fulfilling its constitutional responsibilities is obvious from the fact that the rather slack implementation of the Juvenile Justice (Care and , 2000 even after four years of its enactment, compelled the Chief Justice of India to request all the High Courts to set up a Juvenile Justice Committee to ensure effective implementation of the said Act and monitor the activities under the said Act.
It is not thus a question of change of model or of available choice with the Parliament.
It is recommended that this qualification for age may be removed and the Constitution be amended so Article 51 A(k) can read as, It shall be the duty of every citizen of India “who is a parent or guardian to provide opportunities for education to his child or, as the case may be, ward under his care .
The study was based on both primary and secondary data.
In other words, the 1984 Rules are not totally repealed.
Secondly, the issue at hand has no social spillovers.
Unity‟ in the context of a nation means unity amongst the fellow citizens.
According to learned counsel for the petitioner, no emergent situations have been shown for the Vice Chancellor to exercise the power of Executive Council.
Another reason expressed by him for deleting the aforesaid clause (3) was, the changed position of selection of Governors, whereby Governors are to be nominated by the President, instead of being elected, as hitherto before.
However, the procurement of Goats/Sheep in larger numbers from the other States is not preferable since this category of animals (also called ‘small ruminants’ in veterinary terminology) are fragile or prone to diseases when transported enmasse from long distances and different climatic zones.
In such circumstances, it was observed that the two courts would have jurisdiction that is the court within whose jurisdiction “subject-matter  of the suit is situated and the court within the jurisdiction of which the dispute resolution i.e. the “venue  of arbitration is located.
Implementing schemes for the promotion of rural industry increasing agriculture productivity, providing rural employment etc.
This Court considered the nature and character of Dharmada in Bijli Cotton Mills (supra).
It may not be advisable for us to examine at this stage and leave it to authority competent if raised to examine it independently in accordance with law.
This Court then dealt with the legal position in England on the question of scope of writ of certiorari against a judicial order.
He further admits that no attempts were made by him to enquire about the owner of the vehicle.
Speaking on the occasion, the President said as the first woman elected to lead an African nation, President Sirleaf is an inspiration to women everywhere, indeed to all of us who seek and work for building peaceful and prosperous communities that enable the development of an informed empowered and productive citizenry.
Often, there will be no patent in the importing country and compulsory licenses are only required where a valid patent has been issued.
Furthermore, there cannot be any dispute with respect to the settled legal proposition, that if a party wishes to raise any doubt as regards the correctness of the statement of a witness, the said witness must be given an opportunity to explain his statement by drawing his attention to that part of it, which has been objected to by the other party, as being untrue.
The above accused Rambeer Shokeen was continuously evading his arrest and didn’t join investigation.
They must elicit participation of talented local youth, increasing their employability and ushering in upward mobility of the deprived.
They must elicit participation of talented local youth, increasing their employability and ushering in upward mobility of the deprived.
He was a classicist by training and temperament but evolved an approach that sought to achieve a balance between 'traditional values and mass-culture tastes'.
A small farmer can produce more crop.
It is to be pointed out that the respondent has not raised the plea relying upon clause 11 of the contract.
The second principle is that of ‘personal responsibility’, which means every person has the responsibility for success in her own life and, therefore, she must use her discretion regarding the way of life that will be successful from her point of view.
Viewed in the aforesaid context the observations contained in para 52 of Shankar Kisanrao Khade (supra) noted above, namely, 100% crime test and 0% criminal test may create situations which may well go beyond what was laid down in Bachan Singh (supra).
Learned counsel submitted that the order passed by the Tribunal was in consonance with the provisions of the Act and the Rules and the High Court committed serious error by setting aside the direction given by the Tribunal to the management to pay back wages to the appellant on the specious ground that she had not led evidence to prove her non-employment during the period she was kept away from the job.
Learned counsel submitted that the order passed by the Tribunal was in consonance with the provisions of the Act and the Rules and the High Court committed serious error by setting aside the direction given by the Tribunal to the management to pay back wages to the appellant on the specious ground that she had not led evidence to prove her non-employment during the period she was kept away from the job.
Undoubtedly, it is within the discretion of the High Court to grant relief under despite the existence of an alternative remedy.
It is a pleasure for me to be here on the occasion of this inaugural ceremony.
He has reiterated this call in the conferences of heads of other central institutes of higher learning held subsequently.
As mentioned earlier, five charge sheets have been filed so far and three more charge sheets are in the final stages and are yet to be filed.
As far as the deceased daughter Geetu Verma is concerned, there were as many as nine injuries out of which seven were incised wounds and two were abrasions.
As far as the deceased daughter Geetu Verma is concerned, there were as many as nine injuries out of which seven were incised wounds and two were abrasions.
Since the respondent-importers apprehended that the DRI had asked the Shipping Line not to release the goods, a clarification was issued on 23.12.2015 by the DRI to the Shipping Line that it had not instructed the Shipping Line not to issue delivery orders but had only asked that no changes should be made in the Bill of Lading with regard to the description of goods.
The death sentence in S.T.No.183/2007 is confirmed up to the Hon'ble Supreme Court of India and it appears that the Mercy Petition filed by the accused also came to be rejected by the Hon'ble President of India.
A citizen can track the day to day progress report in the scheme.
The village elders immediately summoned the accused-appellant Karthick by holding a panchayat.
The court should always keep the larger public interest in mind in order to decide whether its intervention is called for or not.
As soon as you complete the required number of subjects, you get your certificate.
Both the persons were arrested.
Explanation.—Where the moneys payable in respect of the building, machinery, plant or furniture referred to in this sub-section become due in a previous year in which the business for the purpose of which the building, machinery, plant or furniture was being used is no longer in existence, the provision of this sub-section shall apply as if the business is in existence in that previous year.
The said direction, if understood and appreciated on the principles stated in B. Karunakar (supra), is a direction for reinstatement for the purpose of holding a fresh enquiry from the stage of furnishing the report and no more.
As a result of this, instead of an automatic stay, a deposit of the entire amount or substantial amount of the award would now have to be made in the interim period between the award and the decision in the application.
It also gives the nation an occasion to renew and strengthen our bonds with the its diaspora, to celebrate and acknowledge the exemplary work done by you all in the various fields in your adopted country.
It is submitted that for all practical purposes the first respondent is a controlling company and having regard to the claim made in the claim petition, the first respondent is a necessary and proper party.
It is submitted that for all practical purposes the first respondent is a controlling company and having regard to the claim made in the claim petition, the first respondent is a necessary and proper party.
It is a matter of satisfaction that the bilateral relationship between India and the Republic of Korea has been upgraded to a 'Special Strategic Partnership' during the successful visit of the Prime Minister of India to Seoul earlier this year.
The provisions of the two enactments will have to be read harmoniously to permit the operation and co- existence of both of them to the extent it can be done.
In the process, as per the appellant, the Court failed to satisfactorily address the pivotal and relevant considerations for grant/refusal of the bail, namely, whether the respondent was likely to influence the witnesses or the trial in case he is released on bail pending trial or whether the respondent was likely to abscond and not available for trial.
Injuries sustained by PW 2 were grievous in nature.
Railway Wagon Plants of Bharat Wagon Limited at Muzaffarpur and Mokamah; Oil Refinery of Indian Oil Corporation at Barauni; Fertilizer Manufacturing Plant of Hindustan Fertilizer Corporation Limited (HPCL) at Barauni and Pyrites Phosphates and Chemicals Limited (PPCL) at Amjhor; Cotton Spinning Mills at Siwan, Pandaul, Bhagalpur, Mokamah and Gaya; 13 sugar mills in private sector and 15 in the public sector located in south and north Bihar with a total crushing capacity of 45, 000 TPD.
There is no known anatomical or histological basis for the existence of acupuncture points or meridians.
As stated earlier, this is the document in which the expression ‘Works Contract’ has been used.
However, his only contention was that there was no reason to convict him under IPC and his conviction should have been under IPC.
The Arbitrator has dealt with this clause in detail and has construed and applied the same correctly while dealing with claims 2, 3 and 4 and has obviously not applied the said clause to claims 9, 10, 11 and 15 as no occasion for applying the same arose.
The citation shall be fixed up in some conspicuous part of the courthouse, and also the office of the Collector of the district and otherwise published or made known in such manner as the Judge or District Delegate issuing the same may direct.
We have no reason to take any different view, as had already been taken by this court, as the situation is not different.
It is, however, not possible for us to accept the same.
In view of the report of District and Sessions Judge, Learned Counsel for the applicant-appellant submitted before the High Court that he does not press the applications.
Notwithstanding any custom or usage to the contrary, in all questions (save questions relating to agricultural land) regarding intestate succession, special property of females, including personal property inherited or obtained under contract or gift or any other provision of Personal Law, marriage, dissolution of marriage, including talaq, ila, zihar, lian, khula and mubaraat, maintenance, dower, guardianship, gifts, trusts and trust properties, and wakfs (other than charities and charitable institutions and charitable and religious endowments) the rule of decision in cases where the parties are Muslims shall be Muslim Personal Law (Shariat).
According to Shri Ganguli, though there is a reference in the Notification dated 21st June, 1985 that the Scheme is available for inspection/verification, no such scheme was actually published.
The Competent Authority has then adverted to another facet of the deficiency concerning Form 16 and salary details, but has not chosen to advert to the explanation given by the petitioner college in that behalf which had found favour with the OC.
He examined the patient.
In that context, the Court said that a precedent is a judicial decision containing a principle, which forms an authoritative element termed as ratio decidendi and an interim order which does not finally and conclusively decide an issue cannot be a precedent.
Mintu were arrested and produced before court on December 25, 2004 and on January 6, 2005 they were placed in TIP held by P.W.13 and they were duly identified by P.W.2, P.W.4, P.W.5 and P.W.7 (Ext.7).
The victim who is getting a share of the money generated is often ‘branded’ as an accomplice and arrested / charge - sheeted and even convicted.
Furthermore, the recent correspondence/letters were also exchanged between the Plaintiff No.2 and Defendant No.1 and 10 in Chennai.
Furthermore, the recent correspondence/letters were also exchanged between the Plaintiff No.2 and Defendant No.1 and 10 in Chennai.
On 20.11.2018 this Court had noted non-compliance of various orders passed by this Court from time to time.
It was also held that when the Revenue alleges that it is goodwill and not trademarks etc. that is transferred, the onus will be on the Revenue to prove it, which it was unable to do.
The National Flying Training Institute (NFTI) is likely to be operational by end of this year.
Bounded by the Great Himalayas in the north, it stretches southwards and at the Tropic of Cancer, tapers off into the Indian Ocean between the Bay of Bengal on the east and the Arabian Sea on the west.
The only limitation is that conditions so imposed should meet the test of fairness and reasonableness and such conditions should not be arbitrary or contrary to any law.
Part C Chapter XVII deals with advance payment of taxes.
It was only on 29.12.1995, she was allowed to leave the said place when the appellants-accused learnt that her family members were on her look out.
But, as pointed out in Mahesh Chandra Gupta the suitability of a person to hold a post is a matter of opinion and this is also a peg on which learned counsel supporting Mr. Dhanda rest their case.
The proviso to the Sub-section says that if the sentence directs that in default of payment of the fine, the offender shall be imprisoned, and if such offender has undergone the whole of such imprisonment in default, no court shall issue such warrant for levy of the amount.
This reasoning is a case of gross perversity.
Proposed amendment giving further time for acquiring minimum qualifications was applicable to otherwise validly appointed teachers only.
Codex standards, guidelines and other recommendations ensure that food products are not harmful to the consumer and can be traded safely between countries.
On the basis of the pleadings of the parties and the evidence on record, the trial court had framed five issues for its determination.
The respondents are further directed to calculate the back wages payable to the petitioner in terms of this order and to disburse the same through 4 equal monthly instalments, the first of which should be paid within a period of 6 weeks from the date of communication of this order.
In a sense, to kill is to be cruel and, therefore, all murders are cruel.
In a sense, to kill is to be cruel and, therefore, all murders are cruel.
The confession of A-29 with reference to the appellant reveals that he participated in the weapons training at Pakistan.
The confession of A-29 with reference to the appellant reveals that he participated in the weapons training at Pakistan.
These decisions reiterate the position that if the intention of the rule-making authority is to make a later general rule to apply to all services in the State, for which different earlier special rules exist, then the existing special rules will give way to such later general rule.
The state government, therefore, has to apply its mind before it invokes its power of urgency and dispensation of inquiry under that the compliance of the mandate of may lead to precious loss of time which may defeat the purpose for which land is sought to be acquired.
Nature has not been kind to us this year as well. A deficient monsoon followed by a further dry spell is likely to affect agricultural production for the second year in a row.
Seeing that the Registrar (Judicial) is a District Judge serving on deputation at the Supreme Court, recourse to his or her assistance in the form of collecting evidence and arriving at a finding regarding the claim of juvenility of the person concerned may be undertaken by this Court in order to save its judicial time.
Seeing that the Registrar (Judicial) is a District Judge serving on deputation at the Supreme Court, recourse to his or her assistance in the form of collecting evidence and arriving at a finding regarding the claim of juvenility of the person concerned may be undertaken by this Court in order to save its judicial time.
He admitted that for the next 5 days of the occurrence himself and his wife were not present in the house.
Mr. Raju Ramachandran, learned amicus curiae, submitted that the sentence passed by the trial court that has been confirmed by the High Court ought to be set aside as they have not followed the fundamental norms of sentencing and have not been guided by the paramount beacons of legislative policy discernible from and CrPC.
It was permissible for the President of the Appellate Tribunal or any other Member thereof, to dispose of appeals, sitting singly (subject to the condition, that the total income of the assessee, as computed by the assessing officer, did not exceed Rs.15,000/- ).
First-aid must be administered to the victim and after stabilization, the victim/patient could be shifted to a specialized facility for further treatment, wherever required.
We have referred to the aforesaid passages as they state the basic principle behind the doctrine of natural justice, that is, no order should be passed behind the back of a person who is to be adversely affected by the order.
Though, these special provisions relate to income of shipping companies, it is only that income which is received from business of “operating qualifying ships  that is eligible for computation under this Chapter.
Thus, he had gone alongwith the panch witnesses, police officials and the appellant, in a police jeep.
He lives in a separate house with his family.
Studies of this sort tried to show, for example, that whites had larger brains than “inferior  races, like blacks, and thus were more intelligent.
Immediately the plaintiff questioned the defendant about his illegal interference over the suit schedule property, for which the defendant proclaimed himself to be the president of Karnataka State 'D' Group Employees Central Association, under the guise of power demanded the plaintiff to pay huge amount as ransom or otherwise the defendant will not allow the plaintiff to continue the construction work and warned the plaintiff not to put up any construction or develop the suit schedule property in any manner until the alleged illegal demands put forth by the defendant are fulfilled by the plaintiff.
The doctrine is a dangerous one, specially in India for if a whole body of the testimony were to be rejected, because a witness was evidently speaking an untruth in some aspect, it is to be feared that administration of criminal justice would come to a deadstop.
These provisions collectively create an obligation on the state parties to it to enact a legislation ensuring that the said victims are compensated, and such compensation is made within a ‘reasonable period of time’.
To stay experimentation in things social and economic is a grave responsibility.
To stay experimentation in things social and economic is a grave responsibility.
This contention, urged on behalf of the respondent-corporation, also necessitates rejection.
All duties, taxes and other levies payable by the Contractor under the Contract, or for any other cause, as of the date 28 days prior to the deadline for submission of bids, shall be included in the rates and prices and the total bid price submitted by the bidder, and the evaluation and comparison of bids by the Employer shall be made accordingly.
Aggrieved thereby, they approached the High Court by filing a criminal revision and the same has also been dismissed.
Allegedly, the accused had full knowledge even before issuing the cheques that these shall not be honoured and they had such dishonest intention from the beginning.
These forms required the candidates to disclose his liabilities/overdues to public financial institution and Government dues.
These forms required the candidates to disclose his liabilities/overdues to public financial institution and Government dues.
Note : The time schedule indicated above may be modified by the Central Government, for reasons to be recorded in writing, in respect of any class or category of applications.
But such true joint ventures are comparatively rare.
The Director of CBI will nominate the team and inform us of its composition within two weeks.
The other two resident doctors, i.e. Dr. Meenal Parmar and Dr. Arpita Mishra, stated that they were staying in the hostel but were not considered on the strength of the college by the MCI assessors.
They, however, again essentially relate to the appellant’s behaviour with the respondent and his family members.
The recommendations in the Report should be implemented including acquisition of cameras and surveillance equipments in detecting traffic and identifying violators.
SVEEP for Special Summary revision of Photo Electoral Rolls with reference to 1st January 2016, as the qualifying date-regarding.
The villagers who were present on the spot told the complainant that accused killed Dattatreya.
This order dated March 31, 2004 of the Commissioner (Appeals) reflects that the Commissioner went into various issues raised by the appellant on the basis of which it was pleaded by the appellant that it had a good case on merits and, therefore, condition of pre-deposit be waived.
Sec.29 of the S.F.C. Act merely enabled the Corporation to take possession and sell the assets for recovery of the dues under the main contract.
Further PW-17 had stated that on 23.09.2003 he received a phone call from the deceased that he along with deceased Hemant Thakre (DB-10) and A-1 & A-3 were proceeding to Malwan.
The scheme thus was that the FIR was followed by investigation, the investigation led to the submission of a report to the Magistrate, the Magistrate took cognizance of the offence on receipt of the police report and, finally, the Magistrate taking cognizance issued process to the accused.
He rushed to the Police Post, Western Court and gave information to the police through wireless.
He rushed to the Police Post, Western Court and gave information to the police through wireless.
Five years later, the Supreme Court of India in Aruna’s case has rendered a landmark judgment approving passive euthanasia subject to certain safeguards and conditions envisaged in the judgment.
Therefore, the Certified Standing Orders of the Corporation by all means apply to the concerned workmen.
Hence the Original Application is not maintainable and is returned to the applicant with the liberty to file the same before the concerned authority.
Before filling up the application form, please ensure your eligibility for admission as given in Table - 3 in the prospectus, otherwise the application form will be cancelled and the fee paid by you will not be refunded.
Redress of citizens' grievances, being one of the most important initiatives of the department, DAR & PG formulates public grievance redress mechanisms for effective and timely redress / settlement of citizens' grievances.
They had sustained injuries.
Bhutan’s future is intertwined with that India. Bhutan desires to strengthen and deepen relations with India.
AIR be listed as a separate category in the cause list as miscellaneous application.
Injuries as reflected in the post-mortem report also suggest that appellants have not taken “undue advantage  or acted in a cruel manner.
Learned counsel for both the petitioners have submitted that the right to know about the reports only arises when they have been published for use of the public in general.
The preservation of the Judeo-Christian condemnation of homosexuality is also attributed to the Jewish theologian, Philo of Alexandria, who is regarded as the father of the Church Fathers and who reviled homosexuals and called for their execution.17 The condemnation of homosexuality can also be traced to Roman law.
It was brought for commercial activity namely the blasting work.
Hence, the Court observed that at the time of final hearing, it would not be precluded from considering the controversy “in its entire perspective  and while doing so, it is not “inhibited by any observation, any order made at the time of issuing the notice .
The said order was challenged in Intra-Court appeal before the Division Bench.
The said order was challenged in Intra-Court appeal before the Division Bench.
However, to address this issue/there exists a provision under Regulation 54 of the Chartered Accountants Regulations, 1988 enabling secondment assistants with a view to provide the articled assistants the opportunity of gaining practical experience in areas where the principal may not be in a position to provide the same.
I extend my good wishes to all the participants from India and abroad.
In our opinion, this Clause will apply only when there is one single private operator in a port.
Parliament, by of Finance (No.2) Act, 1980, introduced in the , 1961, with retrospective effect from April 1, 1968, that is, the date when was originally enacted, providing that the deduction required to be allowed under in respect of inter-corporate dividends “shall be computed with reference to the income by way of such dividends as computed in accordance with the provisions of this Act (before making any deduction under this Chapter) and not with reference to the gross amount of such dividends .
The petition having been dismissed, the appellants knocked the door of the Supreme Court.
As the law stands today private unaided institutions as far as various aspects of education are concerned including the aspect of conditions of service are governed only and exclusively by legislation relating to universities.
In the absence of any allegation of mala fide or bias against DPC and in the absence of any arbitrariness in the manner in which assessment has been made, the High Court was not justified in directing that the benefit of upgrading be given to the respondent, as was done in the case of R.S. Virk.
The President may nominate a person or persons to represent the Council at National and International Conferences or Organizations.
Pre operative & Post Commissioning Expenses Maximum 5% of Project cost.
In the case of such a separation the essential purposes of marriage have been frustrated, and its further continuance is in general not merely useless but mischievous.’ 93. In the said Report, it is mentioned that restricting the ground of divorce to a particular offence or matrimonial disability, causes injustice in those cases where the situation is such that although none of the parties is at fault, or the fault is of such a nature that the parties to the marriage do not want to divulge it, yet such a situation has arisen in which the marriage cannot survive.
Through Its Regional Manager, United India Insurance Company Limited, Pal Road, Jodhpur.
A study conducted in 2013 showed that young girls are three times more likely to experience marital rape.
In that context, the Court made observations in paragraphs 6 and 8 of the said judgment which must be understood accordingly.
At the legitimate goal stage, any goal that is legitimate will be accepted.
After the report is presented, a motion for consideration of the report may be moved by the Chairman of the Committee, or any other member of the Committee.
The expertise in Company Law Service or the Indian Legal Service will at best enable them to be considered for appointment as technical members.
If the same sequence of facts cannot be viewed as doing justice to the husband, they have to be likewise viewed for the wife as well.
The new system is of immense benefit to the common taxpayer.
The only question which we are inclined to consider is whether the time for implementing the directions contained in the earlier order of 31st August, 2012, may be extended or not.
Given the background in which the law was enacted and the concern shown by the Parliament for the safety and security of the citizens and the unity, sovereignty and integrity of the country, the punishment prescribed for those committing any act contrary to Section 3644 cannot be dubbed as_ so_ outrageously disproportionate to the nature of the offence as to call for the same being declared unconstitutional.
The Depository Participant should be given a request for Rematerialisation in a specified form who in turn will forward the same to the Depository.
This decision, in the considered view of this Court, has no persuasive value either.
Maxwell 's equations are thus simply an empirical fit to special relativistic effects in a classical model of the Universe.
The office of the Judge of the High Court and Supreme Court, though high constitutional office, is still in the realm of public employment, to which every person eligible ought to be given an opportunity to occupy, he being selected on a transparent, just, fair and non-arbitrary system.
The Impact of Court Structure on the Indian and U.S. Supreme Courts , authored by Nick Robinson.
Accused-Kripa also pleaded that the witnesses knew them as they were living in nearby villages and because of rivalry, they were being falsely implicated in the case.
Accused-Kripa also pleaded that the witnesses knew them as they were living in nearby villages and because of rivalry, they were being falsely implicated in the case.
Initially, GIC had four subsidiary branches, namely, National Insurance Company Ltd, The New India Assurance Company Ltd, The Oriental Insurance Company Ltd and United India Insurance Company Ltd.
In the cross- examination he has clearly admitted that even by the time he went to the scene of occurrence police were preparing mahazar.
IFCI Infrastructure Development Ltd. (IIDL), a wholly owned subsidiary, has been promoted by IFCI to leverage its expertise in the emerging infrastructure and real estate sector.
Learned counsel for the petitioner has drawn our attention to the Annual Master Circular (FY 2017-2018).
Clause (b) of is based on the recommendation of the Advisory Committee as adopted by the Constituent Assembly.
For example, joining of a TV manufacturing (assembling) company and a TV marketing company or joining of a spinning company and a weaving company.
The negative right to privacy entails the individuals are protected from unwanted intrusion by both the state and private actors into their private life, especially features that define their personal identity such as sexuality, religion and political affiliation, ie the inner core of a person’s private life….
With imports, the total oil availability in the country is around 2. 5 million tons.
I also know one friend of Yusuf Nullwala by name Kersi Bapuji Adajenia and met him three times.
The court further held that title by the adverse possession can be established against wakf property also.
It is further argued that the writ petition is pending before the learned Single Judge of the High Court and that all contentions in relation to the application Section 6 of the PP Act can be considered by the High Court.
On the first question, I am of the view that once the minutes of the State Transport Authority are found to be signed by all the members including the Chairman, the mere fact that the final order is communicated under the signature of the Chairman alone does not amount to any illegality.
As the distance between the Vadtal and Navli Temples could be covered within 30-45 minutes, the presence of Accused No.2 at Navli is likely.
The sanctity of a woman is a directive principle of that larger edifice called Indian civilization.
Police is hunting a gang member who stabbed a man in the head with a machete during an attack in south Manchester.
Police is hunting a gang member who stabbed a man in the head with a machete during an attack in south Manchester.
We have carefully gone through the G.O.Ms. concerned.
But that does not mean that if motive is not established, the evidence of an eye-witness is rendered untrustworthy.
From time to time, Ministries will need creative inputs on the creativity related aspects of their initiatives.
The minutes of the meeting of the Board dated 12th April, 2008 clearly shows that the stock option was exercised by respondent No.4 in accordance with due procedure.
The decision went in favour of the assessee primarily on the ground that the assessee in that case was already engaged in the preparation of antibiotic since long.
During this period defendant no.1 continued to enjoy the earnest money of the plaintiff of Rs.78.00 lacs.
Job description is a formal and organised statement of the contents of the job.
Having perused the award we are satisfied that the award is founded upon factual findings and did not call for interference by either this Court or the learned Single Judge.
To fuel the secessionist activities, Pakistan is providing funds to the Hurriyat leaders and the same are channelized through Hawala, LoC trade and other means.
Reservation for persons with disabilities in case of Group C and Group D posts shall be computed on the basis of total number of vacancies occurring in all Group C or Group D posts, as the case may be, in the establishment, although the recruitment of the persons with disabilities would only be in the posts identified suitable for them.
Relations between the Union and the States’ where Canadian model is followed, the judgments of Canadian Supreme Court have been cited by this Court from time to time.
The representation must be taken up for consideration as soon as such representation is received and dealt with continuously (unless it is absolutely necessary to wait for some assistance in connection with it) until a final decision is taken and communicated to the detenu.
The representation must be taken up for consideration as soon as such representation is received and dealt with continuously (unless it is absolutely necessary to wait for some assistance in connection with it) until a final decision is taken and communicated to the detenu.
The policy envisages cross-category upward movement of PTOs from Category II to Category I. A qualified PTO shall remain qualified unless it is otherwise disqualified either by the Government of India or by the Government of Saudi Arabia for valid reasons.
The mandate contained in came to be described as the rule against testimonial compulsion.
NPC is a constituent of the Tokyo - based Asian Productivity Organisation (APO), an Inter Governmental Body, of which the Government of India is a founder member.
We shall explain this new scheme in detail when we come to suggestion No.(3).
In each of these cases, the leasing company was held to be the owner of the asset, and accordingly held entitled to claim depreciation and also at the higher rate applicable on the asset hired out.
What is stayed is only with regard to violation of Section 22 of the Act.
It has been demonstrated how knowledge from aviation, automation and robotics can be used for optimizing healthcare.
9 Two questions of law have been raised by the Appellants in these Civil Appeals.
9 Two questions of law have been raised by the Appellants in these Civil Appeals.
The concerned Authorities of the State Government are expected to undertake all such steps which becomes necessary that the self-help groups/Mahila Mandals and such other similar organizations are allowed to meaningfully participate in providing HCM and THR, all over the country and terms and conditions of the tenders etc., should not be framed in such a manner that they get excluded from participating itself in such tenders.
The concerned Authorities of the State Government are expected to undertake all such steps which becomes necessary that the self-help groups/Mahila Mandals and such other similar organizations are allowed to meaningfully participate in providing HCM and THR, all over the country and terms and conditions of the tenders etc., should not be framed in such a manner that they get excluded from participating itself in such tenders.
I had already remained in custody for 2 yrs. and 6 months.
Notwithstanding anything contained in Section 69 or of the Transfer of Property Act, 1882 (4 of 1882), any security interest created in favour of any secured creditor may be enforced, without the intervention of the court or tribunal, by such creditor in accordance with the provisions of this Act.
The Group has not made any provision for additional interest due to delay in payments of installments.
We do not propose to go into the circumstances in which the litigation had started but we start from the point which gave rise to some confusion and as a result thereof the appellant was dragged to the present litigation.
As per the petitioner, the matters need to be listed by strictly following the provisions of the Supreme Court Rules, 2013 (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Rules’).
In another case .[4] It was held that where the witnesses had not given any description of the accused in the first information report, their identification of the accused at the sessions trial cannot be safely accepted by the court for awarding conviction to the accused.
ONGC with 23% equity has joined as a strategic partner.
Focus is on technology upgradation, better financial access and market linkages to MSME units.
The Dean was present in his office.
For reasons which will be explained later, the Governor-General rarely has any real choice as to whom to appoint: he must appoint the parliamentary leader of the political party which has a majority of seats in the House of Commons.
This rests on the assump- tion that rendering justice is not the exclusive privilege of technocrats but it is society’s obligation to provide machinery for rendering justice which can be, discharged by people’s participation in the administration of justice.
Working strength before 2008 selection was 58 promotees, 0 out of turn promotion and 6 direct recruits.
As per the prosecution, the said statement of Jafar Mohammed Hasanfatta, elder brother of respondent-accused shows that the respondent has arranged to transfer Rs.3,00,00,000/- into the account of his brother Jafar Mohammed Hasanfatta through RTGS from Natural Trading Company, owned by co-accused Madanlal Jain.
When reasonable care, expected of the medical professional, is not rendered and the action on the part of the medical practitioner comes within the mischief of negligence, it can be safely concluded that the said doctor -did not perform his duty properly which was expected of him under the law and breached his duty to take care of the patient.
Still, the deposition of PW1 was found to be reliable.
This Court has observed that judicial process is a solemn proceeding which cannot be allowed to be converted into an instrument of oppression or harassment.
While running away, he had left a diary (Ex.P-54), a wrist watch (Ex.P-56), and a letter (Ext.P-55).
If relevant material is not disclosed to a party, there is prima facie unfairness irrespective of whether the material in question arose before, during or after the hearing.
One unfortunate and unhappy feature of administration of civil law in our land, is apart from delays and objections of frivolous and vexatious nature, justice is made available, if at all, at a very high and exorbitant price .
This is however the translated version of the original which is in Hindi script.
Therefore, the petitioner is under the indirect control of the sanctioning authority i.e APC & Principal Secretary to Government.
Accordingly, freedom is seen as a collective rather than an individual good.
The amount payable to the dependants cannot be diminished on the ground that some close relation like a grandmother may volunteer to render some of the services to the family which the deceased was giving earlier.
The amount payable to the dependants cannot be diminished on the ground that some close relation like a grandmother may volunteer to render some of the services to the family which the deceased was giving earlier.
In cases of fraud, this power could be exercised within a reasonable time from the date of detection or discovery of fraud.
He was thoroughly cross examined by the defence and he withstood rigorous cross examination without being shaken.
He, thus, argued that no demand for ransom was proved.
The Requesting Agency chooses the mode according to its requirement.
Further, it is urged that in the absence of evidence of either the driver or the owner of the tractor and also in the absence of rebuttal evidence on behalf of the Insurance Company in support of its pleadings, the finding of fact recorded by the Tribunal stating that the accident did not take place on account of rash and negligent driving of the offending vehicle by the driver is erroneous, as it has failed to consider the evidence on record in a proper perspective in favour of the appellants.
Further, it is urged that in the absence of evidence of either the driver or the owner of the tractor and also in the absence of rebuttal evidence on behalf of the Insurance Company in support of its pleadings, the finding of fact recorded by the Tribunal stating that the accident did not take place on account of rash and negligent driving of the offending vehicle by the driver is erroneous, as it has failed to consider the evidence on record in a proper perspective in favour of the appellants.
May his teachings of universal love and compassion guide each one of us to live in fellowship, harmony and unity.
There have been several responses received in regard to the suggestion concerning registration and renewal.
The voters were the members of the Bengal Legislative Council and, therefore, the election to the House of the Governor General in Council had no connection with the business of the Bengal Legislative Council.
When the woman leaves the matrimonial home, the situation is quite different.
The Basilica of Bom Jesus, located 10 km east Panaji (Capital of Goa) was built in 16th Century.
These are considered to be compromise designs, suited for convenience, but not well suited for work that falls outside their designed range.
On the other hand, relying on the judgments of this Court in Ediga Anamma[22]; Mahesh s/o.
Drilling & Blasting Crawler-mounted pneumatically operated down the hold drilling rigs are capable to meet the future requirement of 8 m/hr will be deployed for OB.
By omitting these words any stray remarks of any speaker might be taken advantage of by the opponents for the purpose of an election petition.
Thus, this Court vide judgment and order dated 18.03.1999 confirmed his death sentence and directed that he be hanged until death.
His claim that a loan of Rs.13 crores was obtained on basis of his personal guarantee was wrong.
But, if any Director wants the process to be quashed by filing a petition under Section 482 of the Code on the ground that only a bald averment is made in the complaint and that he is really not concerned with the issuance of the cheque, he must in order to persuade the High Court to quash the process either furnish some sterling incontrovertible material or acceptable circumstances to substantiate his contention.
Hence, an errata draft notification, which was approved, on 19.11.2006, was issued including the name of the 1st petitioner and excluding the name of Palivela Vamana Murthy insofar as the land in Sy.no.51/1; and further, by the errata notification, the extents in two survey numbers 51/1 & 51/2 are corrected respectively from Ac.2.51 cents to Ac.2.74 cents and from Ac.1.71 cents to Ac.1.48 cents.
The President called for India and Visva-Bharati to actualize Tagore's vision of a world which has 'not broken up into fragments by narrow domestic walls.
In the present case, it is not in dispute that the Assessing Officer, who is assessing the Firm as well as the Appellant, is the same person.
The previous approval from the Government necessarily required under would result in indirectly putting to notice the officers to be investigated before commencement of investigation.
The legal position is well settled that criminal and civil proceedings both can simultaneously be proceeded where several complaints were lodged.
When lease is a transfer of a right to enjoy the property and such transfer can be made expressly or by implication, the mere fact that an unregistered instrument came into existence would not stand in the way of the court to determine whether there was in fact a lease otherwise than through such deed.
But, the said order was set aside by the Supreme Court by order dated 26.08.2002 remitting the matter for reconsideration.
As between the principal and third persons any person may become an agent, but no person who is not of the age of majority and of sound mind can become an agent, so as to be responsible to his principal according to the provisions in that behalf herein contained.
If the building bye- laws define the area upon which construction can be raised or the height of the boundary wall around the property, the right to privacy of the individual is conditioned by regulations designed to protect the interests of the community in planned spaces.
From the findings of learned Arbitrator, it is clear that, learned Arbitrator has passed the award relating to subject matter of mortgage, which is against the law as laid down by the Hon'ble Supreme Court.
The petition is disposed of with a direction to respondent No.3 i.e. S.H.O., Police Station Rajpura City, District Patiala, that in case any representation is filed seeking protection of life and liberty, the contents thereof be duly verified and if necessary, requisite steps be taken, strictly in accordance with law for grant of protection of life and liberty to the petitioners.
The complainant PW-1 stated further that he was aware of the insults his daughter had faced at the hands of accused; that he had not witnessed the incident in question himself but was made aware of the same by his wife, his brother and Jai Narain; and that his nephew Naresh had informed him about the demise of his daughter.
In fact the copy of the two invoices dated 17.12.2009 and 20.09.2010, clearly explains the fact that the first one related to material cost and the subsequent one only related to labour cost. .
I would once again like to thank the NCERT, New Delhi and the Government of Sikkim for inviting me to this exhibition.
It was canvassed, that merely because a Governor did not subscribe to the views of the majority party, he should not have the discretion to dissolve the House.
The allegations made in the writ petition concern what are described as fake encounters or extra-judicial executions said to have been carried out by Manipur Police and the Armed Forces of the Union, including the Army.
The law in this regard is well settled.
But when an employer introduces an entirely new scheme which has no connection with the existing scheme, different considerations enter the decision making process.
The factual situation in the present case is quite otherwise.
The factual situation in the present case is quite otherwise.
In the recent times in order to render justice between the parties, courts have been liberally relying on those principles.
In the recent times in order to render justice between the parties, courts have been liberally relying on those principles.
State Government had exempted the exercise-books made from paper purchases within Uttar Pradesh from the levy of sales tax.
The appellant-doctors and the AMRI Hospital contended that the compensation claimed by the claimant is an enormously fabulous amount and should not be granted to the claimant under any condition.
In the course of hearing we have also been commended to the authority in wherein the Designated Judge opined that unless there is express or implied exclusion of the provisions of Part I of the Act, the entire Part I including would be applicable even where the international commercial agreements are governed by the laws of another country.
It has been contended on behalf of the writ petitioners that a writ would lie against a Co-operative Society when the duty owned by it is of a public nature or when there is infringement of any statutory rules by a co- operative society.
Rule 12 referred to hereinabove reads as under : rule(3) and the Act, requiring dispensation of the sentence under the Act for passing appropriate order in the interest of the juvenile in conflict with law.
The cited cases need hardly be considered because each case must be determined upon the allegations in the plaint in that case.
The word “occupation  does not exclude the possibility of the landlord starting a business or running a hotel in the shop which also would amount to personal occupation by the landlord.
In last few years, he has been championing the use of Open Source Software, Open Source Hardware, Open Databases and Open APIs, putting public funded research data and algorithms in public domain, etc.
We may briefly refer to some of those cases.
We have already noted that the State of Karnataka had brought out an ordinance and how the Court has dealt with the same.
Equitable Mortgage as Primary Security wherever applicable.
Young girls desirous of earning easy money were being attracted to such dance bars and getting involved in immoral activities.
Young girls desirous of earning easy money were being attracted to such dance bars and getting involved in immoral activities.
This is contradictory.
After filing the appeal, the appellant has been taking the interim custody of the child as is stated above.
Prof. Ramesh Chandra (under suspension) is further communicated the decision of the Executive Council that he shall not be associated with any affairs of the Dr. B.R. Ambedkar Centre for Biomedical Research in any capacity whatsoever and that he shall not be considered for any administrative position in the University.
Moreover, a number of protective provisions have been incorporated in the various laws enacted for equality and empowerment of women, the proper enforcement of which will create an enabling environment for women workers.
The stage of review is not a virgin ground but review of an earlier order which has the normal feature of finality.
The valuation of the shares did not follow the correct methodology of discounted cash flow as detailed out by the forensic auditors.
I am grateful for your gracious words.
This is also authenticated by the medical opinion that death had occurred between 12.6.1996 and 15.6.1996, i.e. during the interval between the abduction of the deceased and the detection of his dead body.
In the case on hand, when a specific stand is taken that in view of the provisions of the suit is not maintainable, 'the checkered history between the contesting parties and the chronology of the actions taken by the respondents', in our opinion, do not decide the maintainability of the suit.
However, as Chairman of the ICC, Mr. Manohar had taken a contrary stand and stated that it would not amount to governmental interference.
Shabbir also boarded his boat and the boat was taken in the creek away from the shore.
He stated that for universal health coverage, affordability is crucial.
The power of the court is plenary to summon or even recall any witness at any stage of the case if the court considers it necessary for a just decision.
The challenge levied through this public interest litigation is founded on issues relatable to alleged environment, wildlife and monuments which deserve to be protected as of archeological importance.
In the USA, in the preamble to the 1939 Act (28 USC 332) it is stated that the Judicial Councils were being established for ‘self-improvement, through which those Courts will be able to scrutinize their own work and develop efficiency and promptness in their administration of justice’.
The Preamble to the Act reads as under: “ to prevent the commission of offences of atrocities against the members of the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes, to provide for special courts for the trial of such offences and for the relief and rehabilitation of the victims of such offences and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto.
Maximum viscosity reduction takes place during the process of malting.
When it comes to regulating 'education' as such, which includes even medical education as well as universities (which are imparting higher education), that is prescribed in Entry 25 of List III, thereby giving concurrent powers to both Union as well as States.
If the masking falters at any stage, then the examiner’s identity is pitilessly exposed.
Other terms and conditions shall be applicable as per earlier advertisement.
Injuries suffered by both the sides are on record.
Another example being in the case of Shriv Buildmat Private Limited where one of the directors is common with MauriaUdyog Limited.
After the incident, PW-1 and the prosecutrix were thrown out of the moving bus, near Mahipalpur flyover.
It is also pertinent to mention that the order of the Revenue Minister ordering deletion of the land was never communicated to the landowners.
It is worthy to note that the Court has clarified that the said parameters or guidelines are not exhaustive but only illustrative.
Dalmia, the first respondent and the officers of the State Government.
In the present case, the appellant has not adduced any evidence to show that there is restricted participation of the public for darshan.
Related to growth and job creation is the aspect of growth with equity.
Nichewale label each disc is placed on the uppermost block falls down hard on him.
Learned Single Judge dismissed the writ petition on the ground of being hopelessly barred by time and the writ petitioners participated in the proceedings therefore they have acquiesced in the matter.
Learned Single Judge dismissed the writ petition on the ground of being hopelessly barred by time and the writ petitioners participated in the proceedings therefore they have acquiesced in the matter.
The Trustee of AEL is one ‘Rhone Trustee’, Singapore.
However, no such system has been devised so far.
The respondent No. 1 has further submitted that clause 3(i)(b) of Statute 24 of the respondent University which is framed in exercise of the power under (2) of the Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University Act, 1998 itself prescribes the grant of NOC by the State Government as a mandatory pre-condition of affiliation to any desirous college and institution.
Before parting with the present order, we strongly deprecate the conduct on the part of the investigating agency and the prosecution.
The Tribunal was also not justified in awarding costs of Rupees five lakhs to the respondent.
More importantly, universities have to produce socially-conscious individuals who are imbued with core values like patriotism, compassion, tolerance, honesty, discipline and respect for women.
That being the position of law for filing the suit for specific performance, can the court, as a matter of course, allow extension of time for making payment of balance amount of consideration in terms of a decree after 5 years of passing of the decree by the trial court and 3 years of its confirmation by the appellate court?
Two sealed covers are opened in presence of the learned counsel for the parties.
I have no doubt that NIMHANS will continue to inspire and support the development of the mental health sector at state, national and even international levels.
Even if it is a brief statement, it is not to be discarded.
During the course of hearing of bail application, learned Senior Counsel for the applicant drew my attention to a chart shown at page no.52 of the paper book, and argued that the concerned institute, in the academic session 2013-14, received a sum of Rs.16.25 lakh, out of Rs.15.10 lakh was distributed among the SC/ST students and the remaining amount of Rs.1.15 lakh was returned to the government.
An affidavit has been filed on behalf of the Government of NCT of Delhi on 26th August 2017 in which it is stated that school children are being informed about the hazards and ill-effects of indiscriminate bursting of fireworks by encouraging participation of schools in ‘anti-fire crackers’ campaigns.
The assessee claimed that it was not liable to sales tax on the ground that the amount received by it represented the proceeds of works contract.
The term includes those informal relations which exist whenever one party trusts and relies upon another, as well as technical fiduciary relations.
Though, in the first blush, the argument appears to be very sound and appealing, we are not able to appreciate the said submission, inasmuch as, we are not in a position to accede to the submission of the learned counsel that the 5th respondent acquired a vested right even after the amendment was brought into the rules in particular to Rule 7A(3).
The multi - benefit scheme for the agricultural workers, commenced on 1 July 2001, provides life insurance protection, periodical lump sum survival benefit and pension to those who were between the ages of 18 - 50 years.
The Trial Court, vide judgment/decree dated 30.07.2012 decreed the appellant’s suit and passed eviction decree against the respondents.
The cost is quantified at Rs.50,000/- to be deposited in Advocates on Record Welfare Association within six weeks.
On behalf of the State of Haryana, Special Secretary Coordination from the office of Chief Secretary to Government, Haryana filed an affidavit conveying their comments on the propositions made by learned amicus curiae.
The appellant is liable to pay interest to the respondent in terms of Clause 10.6 of the PPA till payment.
The State can levy excise duty only on potable liquor fit for human consumption and as rectified spirit does not fall under that category the 14 (2004) 1 SCC 243 State Legislature cannot impose any excise duty.
The illustration appended to the Rules does not envisage such a situation.
He was also a close associate of Anwar.
After receipt of the reply, no case was found against him of tampering or forging.
He also denied the suggestion that the Mr. Cheena was the brain behind the raid and the registration of the case against the original accused.
We may hasten to add that, of course, in the given situation no inquiry appears to have been done, but the response of the appellants to the show cause notice issued by the Board of Governors, itself shows as to what transpired and reveals the stand of the appellants.
However, in the meeting of the E-Committee held on 8th January, 2014, the issue was taken up but was deferred as it required consultation with Hon‟ble Judges of the Supreme Court and the High Courts.
The judgment of the appellate Court must, therefore, reflect its conscious application of mind and record findings supported by reasons, on all the issues arising along with the contentions put forth, and pressed by the parties for decision of the appellate Court.
The judgment of the appellate Court must, therefore, reflect its conscious application of mind and record findings supported by reasons, on all the issues arising along with the contentions put forth, and pressed by the parties for decision of the appellate Court.
Therefore, while dismissing the appeal, even otherwise, the High Court could not have passed any further order beyond the judgment and decree passed by the Trial Court and that too in absence of any cross objection and/or cross appeal preferred by the original Plaintiffs.
There are 28 states that include DNA from delinquent juveniles in the database.
Plainly, if a tax is imposed on goods which are imported from other states without subjecting similar goods produced or manufactured within the state to the tax, there would be a violation of This would constitute an unconstitutional discrimination between goods imported from other states which are subject to tax and goods produced or manufactured within the state which are not subject to the levy.
Sometimes, people change their minds after expressing advance directives and forget to inform others.
To say yes, would be illogical.
Both sentences were directed to run concurrently.
The said works was carried out by 49 workers of contractor M/s M.M. Patil under the supervision the Grocery Board Supervisor.
Even longer delay can as well be explained.
This also disposes of the stay application.
Regulation 1 requires an application to be filed before the Central Government with permission of the State Government.
Regulation 1 requires an application to be filed before the Central Government with permission of the State Government.
The appellants were the claimants in the proceedings instituted for award of compensation under the , 1988 (hereinafter referred to as “the Act ).
This Court in Malay Kumar Ganguly’s case found him to be negligent in treating the claimant’s wife in spite of being the attending physician of the Hospital.
For the time being we keep open the question whether Court Martial proceedings can be initiated by the Army against an offender, if any, to await the result of the first step as mentioned above.
On appeal, the High Court found the accused guilty of the offence under Section 302 IPC.
After completion of the investigation the accused came to be charged as aforesaid.
After completion of the investigation the accused came to be charged as aforesaid.
I congratulate all the winners of this year’s National MSME Awards, who have set benchmarks of excellence for other entrepreneurs.
63) Before the NGT, the authorities took the position that such demonstrations are to be allowed as the area was earmarked for such purposes.
All the above observations were made to justify (1) grant of incentives and subsidies and (2) exemption granted to new industries, of a specified type (small-scale industries commencing production within the two specified dates) and for a short period.
No restriction should be imposed for the present on the use of English for any of the purposes of the Union and provision should be made in terms of clause (3) of article 343 for the continued use of English even after 1965 for purposes to be specified by Parliament by law for as long as may be necessary.
The Bank Guarantees given on 22.02.2000 and 23.02.2000 were conditional.
For proper road safety and traffic management, focus should not only be on drivers and vehicles, but also on behaviour of all kinds of road-users, road infrastructure development and environmental concerns.
The rules in most of the States do not provide for assessment of costs in revision petitions.
Loan application forms of all the products offered by IFCI are given on its website along with list of documents required to be submitted with application form.
Then by a simple process of mathematical analysis, a certain number of days or hours on particular days could be fixed for each vendor in a vending place on a roster basis through the concerned TVC.
DNA evidence is now a predominant forensic technique for identifying criminals when biological tissues are left at the scene of crime or for identifying the source of blood found on any articles or clothes etc.
That requirement springs from (6a).
Rule 6 directs that the declaration of Enrolment has to be given by a member.
Trial was conducted by the Special Judge, CBI, whereby charges were framed against the appellants.
It can easily be discussed that the legislature had in mind that the two expressions are interchangeably used.
It can easily be discussed that the legislature had in mind that the two expressions are interchangeably used.
If appropriate rules are framed, then, in a given case, it would avoid embarrassment to other judges on the Bench.
In this scenario, the question is as to whether the new conditions mentioned in the amended provision have also to be fulfilled only because the housing projects in question, though started before 01.04.2005, were completed after the said date.
At the outset, I say that I have highest regards for the judicial system of India and for this Hon’ble Court.
The word ‘land’, in the ordinary legal sense, comprehends everything of a fixed and permanent nature and therefore embraces growing trees.
The Governor’s power under , is undisputedly exercised on the aid and advice of the Chief Minister and his Council of Ministers.
The total length is 4, 181 km and the main junctions are Chennai, Madurai, Tiruchirapalli, Coimbatore and Tirunelveli.
The trial court took cognizance of the offence, recorded the sworn statement of the complainant, and issued summons to the accused.
There is no dispute that the Bank Pension Regulations, 1995 have not been amended.
It is not sufficient to popularize mediation in the cities.
Decisions such as whether to withhold or withdraw artificial life saving treatment are difficult for families to take.
The United Nations Development Programme in its report, amongst others, mentioned that yearly quantity of ground water that can be extracted by using centrifugal pumps in the Cauvery sub-basin, Vennar sub-basin and in the new Delta was 33.7 TMC, 5.4 TMC and 32.5 TMC respectively and in addition 56.5 TMC of ground water per year can also be made available in the Cauvery sub-basin by lowering seasonally ground water level to 10 meters depth below the regional ground water level.
The State Govt.
Prema Devi was solemnized on 7.5.1997 with Bhim Singh.
The police had cordoned off the area.
But to understand Rebate of tax as rebate per se would be a misnomer.
But to understand Rebate of tax as rebate per se would be a misnomer.
So far as the legislation by the court is concerned, as a corollary to the doctrine of separation of powers, a judge merely applies the law that it gets from the legislature.
So far as the legislation by the court is concerned, as a corollary to the doctrine of separation of powers, a judge merely applies the law that it gets from the legislature.
Further, it was submitted that dismissal of a suit for partition by holding that the appellants herein have not filed the suit within 12 years from the date of dispossession cannot be sustained in the eyes of law specially when there is no proof to prove dispossession and the respondents have failed to plead and prove ouster.
The networking firms have made remittances to a multinational entity, sharing their revenue purportedly towards subscription fees, technology cost and administration cost etc.
So far as the contention with respect to verification or affidavit is concerned, it has been laid down by the Apex Court , AIR 2013 SC 1549 that absolute compliance of format affidavit is not necessary.
If such reconstruction/revival scheme prepared by the OA was found to be feasible by the BIFR, after ascertaining the views/objections of the concerned parties, BIFR would sanction such a scheme.
The petitioners, on the very same date i.e. 19.11.2016, did also submit a representation before the MCI providing the detailed information supported by contemporaneous facts and records contradicting the findings of deficiencies, as recorded by the assessors, detailed by the MCI.
After Dorathi was declared dead at Adarsha Hospital and certificate (Ex.P-3) was issued by the doctor (CW-13), the appellant had informed PW-3 about the said death.
Some _ under-trial prisoners of unsound mind regained sanity long before, but no steps were taken to commence proceedings against them.
Current Good Manufacturing Practices Current good manufacturing practices (cGMP) workshop / training course was also organized.
In any case, period of five years cannot be said to be a reasonable period.
NOC for permanent absorption in other borrowing organization can be issued to the personnel who are of 39 years of age or above.
In PART H response, UIDAI stated that it does not ask requesting entities to maintain any logs related to the IP address of the device, GPS coordinates of the device and purpose of authentication.
It is further submitted by the learned counsel appearing on behalf of the accused that in the present case the prosecution in support of its case has only relied upon the evidence of identification, and it is on this evidence alone that 6 people have been sentenced to death.
In the present case, cognizance has been taken on the basis of police report.
He would further submit that for rebate of tax as against non-imposition or exemption at point of tax being common, Part XIII of the Constitution will not apply.
He would further submit that for rebate of tax as against non-imposition or exemption at point of tax being common, Part XIII of the Constitution will not apply.
No doubt, writ petition was dismissed on the ground of unexplained inordinate delay, but it would be necessary to observe that it was not a service matter.
Through this project, GoI has established 7 'e - Governance Conformity Assessment Centres (eGCA)' across the country (i. e. Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Delhi, Kolkata, Pune / Mumbai, Guwahati) to provide the requisite facilities for testing, audit and certification.
This act aims to provide for regulation of employment & conditions of service of the building and other construction workers.
Because of their preoccupation in defending the country from the enemy, the armed forces are normally not always available to respond to a nuclear disaster scenario.
If the respondent had chosen to retire by superannuation after attaining 60 years of age which was the normal age of retirement, he would have put in a little more than 20 years of pensionable service.
I am certain that, the Government will take all necessary steps to ensure that such incidents do not occur in future.
The wound should heal within a week to 10 days.
The altitude of the State varies from 100 metres to an altitude of 3, 840 metres in the interior of the State, which provide favourable conditions for growing different varieties of tropical and sub - tropical fruits and vegetables.
Thus, it may not be possible for the witnesses to remember dates etc.
However, such contention has been opposed by the learned counsel for the State(s).
However, such contention has been opposed by the learned counsel for the State(s).
Question arose whether the driver was not having an effective driving licence to drive “goods carriage vehicle .
Shri Basava Prabhu Patil, learned senior counsel appearing for the appellant, submitted that under the PPA, it was only natural gas in its natural form which was agreed to be used as fuel for generation of power.
It is expected that once the discretion is exercised by the High Court on relevant considerations and bail is granted, this Court would normally not interfere with such a discretion, unless it is found that the discretion itself is exercised on extraneous considerations and/or the relevant factors which need to be taken into account while exercising such a discretion are ignored or bypassed.
That Special Appeal, together with a batch of appeals, was disposed of by a Division Bench of the High Court on 5 October 2017, as a result of which the plea for regularization of daily wagers who were engaged as registration clerks has been rejected.
The enquiry report constitutes fresh material which has great persuasive force or effect on the mind of the disciplinary authority.
By endorsement dated 19.08.1988 issued by Government of Punjab, Department of Education, the qualifications mentioned in the said Notification dated 11.07.1988 were recognized for the purpose of recruitment to subordinate posts and services under the control of Government of Punjab.
For these reasons, the conviction of the appellant is not sustainable and he is entitled for acquittal.
Therefore, we deem it proper to proceed, not to determine the correctness of the decision in Salil Bali (supra) but to consider the arguments raised on the point of law arising.
Therefore, we deem it proper to proceed, not to determine the correctness of the decision in Salil Bali (supra) but to consider the arguments raised on the point of law arising.
The respondents (colleges and the students) submitted that in that particular year (2007-2008) nearly 5000 engineering seats remained unfilled.
We have already opined that matter has to be remitted to the High Court for a reappraisal of the evidence and for a fresh decision and, therefore, we have not referred to the evidence of any of the witnesses.
It is contended that the auction prices of commercial plots in exemplars are not true index of a fair market value of the land at the relevant time because elements of speculation and unfair competition in such auctions and suitable deduction ought to have been made for competitive bidding.
It is contended that the auction prices of commercial plots in exemplars are not true index of a fair market value of the land at the relevant time because elements of speculation and unfair competition in such auctions and suitable deduction ought to have been made for competitive bidding.
Where this happens, the satisfaction of the authority would not be in respect of the thing in regard to which it is required to be satisfied.
Saryu Singh was shot at by Rajendra Singh and Bhagwat Dayal Singh, who was also inflicted a bhala- blow by Arvind Singh, appellant in the connected matter, Umesh Singh and Sheonandan Singh fired at Rajdeo Singh as a result of which he fell down.
No one can dispute that education is must for both men and women as both together make a healthy and educated society.
The power to punish a stranger, if his acts in any way impede or interfere with functioning of Parliament, will certainly entitle Parliament to initiate action for breach of privilege or in contempt.
The assets and liabilities of the acquired company will be transferred to the acquiring company in accordance with the approved scheme, with effect from the specified date.
This is obviously on the principle that the last clause represents the latest intention of the testator.
Such warehouses provide storage facilities to small manufacturers and traders at low costs.
The question was whether the two empty cartridges have been fired from one instrument or from different instruments .
The procedure in its By-laws and the complaint procedure represents a carefully calibrated effort to reconcile the need for judicial accountability, with the preservation of the independence of the judiciary.
National Multi - Commodity Exchange of India Ltd. (NMCE) - External website that opens in a new window is the first de - mutualised electronic multi - commodity exchange of India.
A significant geological feature within the park is the 'Great Boundary Fault' where the Vindhaya plateau meets the Aravali range.
At the end the programme illustrates a few natural resources from which energy is drawn.
This amount of water was even further reduced by the Tribunal on the basis of unverified figures provided by Tamil Nadu.
The traditional system of script based dealing in shares involves enormous paper work and is time consuming.
Three vacancies for the post of SIC have already been advertised and the process is on.
Therefore, it is neither proper nor possible for us to deal with the last contention advanced at the hands of the learned counsel for the appellant, at the present juncture.
Respondent specifically denied that there were any specific orders for supply of goods.
Neither of these, let me add, was totally exclusive. By the time of his death in 1998, some of the major premises of his belief system – democracy, secularism, socialism, nonalignment – had come under pressure and were the cause of disillusionment.
The nature of burn injuries on Poonam are in harmony with the testimony of her husband which shows that when Poonam went to the kitchen she was in an agitated state of mind.
The accused inserted iron rods in the private parts of the prosecutrix, dragging her holding her hair and then threw her outside the bus.
He would state it to be untrue that the deceased was not in a position to talk.
Rogers feels that all human beings have a natural propensity to learn; the role of the teacher is to facilitate such learning.
Revenue talatis are to maintain revenue records, collect revenue etc.
As per order passed by this Court on 8/10/2007, she is on bail.
From the record, it appears that for making the selection to the post of Army Commanders, an exercise was undertaken by the Chief of Army Staff by short listing seven Lt.
He stated that he was certain that the three day Conference would witness comprehensive and dispassionate deliberations on various aspects of water use efficiency, which will help to develop a consensual understanding on water use management.
Upon review of the corresponding Audit Committee minutes we noted no reference to discussions on Internal Control Systems, reviewing the scope of Internal Audit functions, performance of internal auditors and scope of work for the internal auditors.
Prior registration of real estate project with Real Estate Regulatory Authority.
This may cause some inconvenience or loss to the highest bidder but that cannot be helped in view of the fact that such sales are conducted in Court precincts and not by a business house well versed with the market forces and price.
Nidamarti Negaghushanam 7 Mad HCR 119, where the Court held that culpable rashness meant acting with the consciousness that a mischievous and illegal consequence may follow, but hoping that it will not.
A litigant who indulges in suppression of facts and misrepresentation is not entitled for any relief.
The maximum demand in his case is up to but not exceeding 7778 KVA.
As a result, there has been extensive litigation in relation to the classification of potentially applicable limitation law.
Therefore, he approached Chandru, who was a student in a medical college and with his help injected excess dose of Tidijesic with the intention of killing Arun.
Therefore, he approached Chandru, who was a student in a medical college and with his help injected excess dose of Tidijesic with the intention of killing Arun.
Getting trained 26 staff is difficult.
We are told that a review has already commenced.
Hence, it would be plainly unacceptable to urge that the existence of law negates the rationale for a constitutional right or renders the constitutional right unnecessary.
From fingerprints and iris scans nothing is revealed with regard to a person.
B along with copy of forwarding report were kept in another packet and sealed under the personal seal of the Court and it was handed over to the Excise Constable for taking it to the Assistant Chemical Examiner, Divisional Excise Chemical Testing Laboratory, Berhampur at Chatrapur.
That has happened after one year from the commission of the offence.
It is clear that the is a complete code in itself and is meant to serve public purpose.
It is further submitted that, during the course of investigation more than 350 witnesses have been examined, more than 250 suspects were interrogated, more than 2500 Call Data Records were obtained, 25 Tower Dump data were collected, and more than 50 CCTV footages from the path travelled by the deceased were collected.
One part of the suit property was for constructing tenements free of charge for project-affected persons and the balance property could be used to develop and sell the balance FSI.
The penalty thereof is death.
The amendments of 1999 inserted sub-sections (1A) and (1B) in this section which independently take care of the matters relating to the preparation of such documents.
Even though the prosecution had rested its case, on circumstantial evidence alone, it would be necessary to refer to the statements of a few witnesses so as to deal with the submissions advanced on behalf of the accused-appellant.
As PW-2 has denied the suggestion, we cannot accept the defence of the appellant that he was falsely implicated on account of a quarrel between the appellant and the husband of PW-5.
Leading to the inference, that a confession is permissible/admissible only as against the person who has made it, unless the same is rendered inadmissible under some express provision.
Leading to the inference, that a confession is permissible/admissible only as against the person who has made it, unless the same is rendered inadmissible under some express provision.
Further, while drawing a distinction between severe man-made calamities such as rioting, breakdown of law and order or natural calamities, which could distract the authorities from holding elections to the Municipality and other reasons for delay, this Court noted that the former are exceptional circumstances and under no other circumstance would the Election Commission be justified in delaying the process of election after consulting the State Government and other authorities.
Another major challenge has been appointing people without having any knowledge in this field.
These include the lewd and obscene, the profane, the libelous, and the insulting or 'fighting' words-those which by their very utterance inflict injury or tend to incite an immediate breach of the peace.
In its final order dated 21 August 2018, the NGT disposed of both the appeals as well as the Miscellaneous Application.
He has already served 3-1/2 years in prison and had paid fine, therefore, no further punishment is required and the appeal is liable to be dismissed.
The learned senior counsel while formulating his submissions, contended that the reference itself was based on incorrect provisions because, there is no conflict or inconsistency between ‘JAYARAM’ and ‘EGAPPAN’ since the existing permit in ‘JAYARAM’ was an exempted one on the Nationalized Route and variation of that permit by added singles and additional bus was an issue, while in ‘EGAPPAN’, the operator was not one of the persons exempted under the Nationalized scheme and on the other hand he was operating on a non-scheme route.
MoEF in order to clarify OM dated 28.4.2011 issued OM dated 24.5.2011 that expressly provided that the projects falling under Items 8 (a) and/or 8 (b) do not attract general condition even if such projects fell within critically polluted areas.
However, as we are holding that the impugned orders of the IPAB and High Court are not sustainable in law and have decided these appeals on merits it is not necessary to make any further comments on the aforesaid aspect.
The prosecution has failed to provide any explanation about the delay or as to why the complainant himself did not inform the police.
As stated above, in a constituency-based election it is the people who vote whereas in proportional representation it is the elector who votes.
In the fourth affidavit dated 27th July, 2015 the NHRC has given the progress in respect of 62 cases of which details are given in the writ petition.
India is one of the founding members of the GATT and thus a member of the WTO from its inception from January 1, 1995, and is bound by the obligations under TRIPS Agreement like all other members of the WTO.
India is one of the founding members of the GATT and thus a member of the WTO from its inception from January 1, 1995, and is bound by the obligations under TRIPS Agreement like all other members of the WTO.
And it is a rule of universal application, that no one, having such duties to discharge, shall be allowed to enter into engagements in which he has, or can have, a personal interest conflicting, or which possibly may conflict, with the interest of those whom he is bound to protect.
The President of one District Forum who happens to be former President of Bar Association has been serving the second term as President.
Respondent No.1 started its activity of manufacturing PVC pipes.
The appellants are hereby ordered to be set at liberty forthwith if not wanted in connection with any other case.
Thus, he was 5 marks short to be shortlisted for appearing for the interview as the requirement was 60%.
It is only required to report the capital inflow and subsequently the issue of shares to the Reserve Bank in prescribed formats.
This was all the more necessary because the investigating agency were dealing with an extremely dangerous terrorist causing serious danger to the safety of the society.
We may point out here that the distinction between “seat  and “venue  would be quite crucial in the event, the arbitration agreement designates a foreign country as the “seat /“place  of the arbitration and also selects the , 1996 as the curial law/law governing the arbitration proceedings.
It is further submitted by the learned counsel appearing on behalf of the accused that according to the two eye witnesses, PW1 & PW8, the offence was committed by 7-8 persons.
Therefore, contends the learned senior counsel, the lift is only partially attached to the building and the remaining major portions of the components are constantly mobile.
Therefore, contends the learned senior counsel, the lift is only partially attached to the building and the remaining major portions of the components are constantly mobile.
Law has to book all of them.
No. 1 upon the Complainant – Sukhdev (P.W. 2) could be fatal.
Evidently, Parliament while enacting the , 1988 made a specific change by recasting the earlier definition.
This category of cases may fall within the ambit of the ‘right to die’ with dignity as a part of right to live with dignity, when death due to termination of natural life is certain and 23 AIR 1978 SC 597 32 imminent and the process of natural death has commenced.
It is an undisputed position that private parties/assessee to the present appeals being entitled to the benefit/exemption were issued a certificate of eligibility for exemption from tax by the Directorate of Industries in the unified State of Madhya Pradesh.
It is an undisputed position that private parties/assessee to the present appeals being entitled to the benefit/exemption were issued a certificate of eligibility for exemption from tax by the Directorate of Industries in the unified State of Madhya Pradesh.
The above passage signifies a paradigm shift in the judicial opinion in Australia as regards the interpretation of Section 92 of the Australian Constitution.
This process also delays the consideration of the matter by the High court for quite some time.
The petitioner was unable to present its case.
The clue is that the words 'individual judgment' are used in respect of powers within the area in which normally in ordinary times he would be acting on the advice of his Ministers.
The Plaintiff is entitled for Recovery of Rs.2,79,362/- with 7% interest per annum, and so the Issue is answered, Partly in Affirmative.
Theories of mental phenomena are diverse and include the dualist concept — shared by Descartes and Sigmund Freud — of the separateness of the existence of the physical or the material world as distinguished from the non- material mental world with its existence only spatially and not temporally.
Its vision is to accelerate the pace of socio-economic development of the Region so that it may enjoy growth parity with the rest of the country.
It also appears that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in terms of the instructions, as contained in the letter dated 07.04.1998, categorically stated that N.P.A. be treated to be a pay by way of service benefits including retirement benefits.
In the above circumstances, we are of the opinion that in the present case only view possible was the one taken by the trial court.
The defence counsel had alternatively argued that the appellant had sex with her consent.
The Court observed that “any act done, or writing published, which is calculated to bring a court or a judge into contempt or to lower his authority or to interfere with the due course of justice is a contempt of the Court: scurrilous abuse of a judge or court, or attacks on the personal character of a judge are acts of contempt’.
He proved the medical certificates given by him regarding the injuries.
The judicial function is exhausted when there is found to be a rational basis for the conclusions approved by the administrative body.
The sixth one, namely the Corporate Guarantee also contains an arbitration clause.
However, there are some of the GIs which are not registrable under the Act, about which consumers must be fully aware.
The affidavits filed by the office of the CAG indicated that the amount collected as cess for the benefit of construction workers was in the region of about Rs.27,000 crores and about Rs.29,000 crores.
The letter now shown to me is the same.
See also: “Torture in India 2011’. Asian Centre for Human Rights (November 2011).
The committee is of opinion that the provisions contained in Articles 192- E and 192-F should more appropriately be included in this Chapter than in Part III dealing with fundamental rights.
Keeping in mind that justice delayed is justice denied, my government will adopt a multi - pronged approach to address the problem of high pendency of cases in our judicial system.
Though the learned senior counsel appearing for the appellants sought to place reliance on the proviso under section 63(1) of the NDMC Act, we are afraid the contention cannot be appreciated.
The Agriculture MMP has been included in NeGP in an effort to consolidate the various learnings from the past, integrate all the diverse and disparate efforts currently underway, and upscale them to cover the entire country.
The said decision cannot be characterized as arbitrary.
Mohan Lal and Badri, who had accompanied him, were talking to Anand near rehri.
Shri Milind Kumar, learned counsel for the State, on the other hand, submitted that child witness PW-2 Banwari inspires confidence.
Shri Milind Kumar, learned counsel for the State, on the other hand, submitted that child witness PW-2 Banwari inspires confidence.
The prosecution has failed to explain the reason behind the accused-appellants not taking away the said wooden log with them.
Upon perusing the material, I find that the allegation that each of the five individuals arrested on 28 August 2018 is found to be engaged in activities of the nature set out in paragraph 26 of the counter affidavit (extracted above) is taking liberties with the truth.
Upon perusing the material, I find that the allegation that each of the five individuals arrested on 28 August 2018 is found to be engaged in activities of the nature set out in paragraph 26 of the counter affidavit (extracted above) is taking liberties with the truth.
CrPC enables an accused to give evidence on his own behalf to disprove the charges made against him.
The deceased suffered 92% burn injuries and except her head, neck and face on all other parts of the body, she lost her whole skin.
The deceased suffered 92% burn injuries and except her head, neck and face on all other parts of the body, she lost her whole skin.
Five such suits were the subject matter of the judgment in M. Venkatesh (supra).
The judgment and order passed by the Trial Court is restored.
Turn Punjab into a smart and intelligent State as well as a knowledge society through IT education and e - governance.
We have earlier referred to Smt. Padmavatti Devi v. R.K. Karanjia, AIR 1963 MP 61, and other cases where it was held that the law of contempt should be available in cognisable offences from the time when the first information report is filed.
Thus plaintiff was ready and willing to perform part of his contract.
Such malicious proceedings deserve to be discarded against the medical practitioners.
We must salvage the declining standards of our country’s higher education as a top priority.
This has led to a series of litigations which have been pending in various High Courts.
It is more so when we have examined the entire case on merits also.
Such an omnibus and general plea cannot be read as submitting that the amendment dated 4-9-1986 applied to the contract between the parties and that in view of the amended arbitration clause the unreasoned award was bad.
Such an omnibus and general plea cannot be read as submitting that the amendment dated 4-9-1986 applied to the contract between the parties and that in view of the amended arbitration clause the unreasoned award was bad.
In the second category also, retirement comes into force unless an order is passed during notice period withholding permission to retire and in the third category voluntary retirement does not come into force unless permission to this effect is granted by the competent authority.
Neither of the authorities should feel that they have been lionised.
While doing so, the Tribunal also, inter alia, examined the viability of the projects and excluded those which were not viable.
I am hopeful that various aspects of judicial reforms would be discussed and argued vigorously, shall I say, as you legal luminaries virtually do for all your waking hours, though for this purpose, it may not be to win over the other.
Caution people about the dangers of self - medication and traditional practices.
A number of lawful solutions exist.
The learned Technical Member on a consideration of the facts came to the conclusion that during search operations goods from the subsidiary company were cleared from the factory premises to the depot of Shaw Wallace at a much lower price as compared to the price at which these goods were sold by the assessee in the market to wholesale purchaser Hindustan Lever and another.
The learned Technical Member on a consideration of the facts came to the conclusion that during search operations goods from the subsidiary company were cleared from the factory premises to the depot of Shaw Wallace at a much lower price as compared to the price at which these goods were sold by the assessee in the market to wholesale purchaser Hindustan Lever and another.
As a matter of fact, the existence of the debt or liability was never in dispute.
As such the regulations are in compliance with the provision of read with .
It is thus clear that the proceeding in execution initiated under of 1984 Act and pending before the authorities under the said Act prior to 19th August, 2002, would continue unhindered by the repeal of the 1984 Act by the 2002 Act.
The impugned judgment of the Division Bench is both illegal, inequitable and patently unjust.
Once we proceed keeping in mind the aforesaid factual, technological and commercial position available on the records, it has to be accepted that the respondents have consumed the entire quantity of zinc concentrate in the production of zinc.
Sales Tax is a levy on purchase and sale of goods in India and is levied under the authority of both Central Legislation (Central Sales Tax) and State Governments Legislations (Sales Tax).
A-1, A-2, A-3, A-4, Section R.I. for 1 year and fine of Rs. A-5, A-6 4 r/w 25 200/-, in default to suffer R.I. for 1 month.
Once when she was ill, under the pretext of better treatment as advised by another doctor, Accused No. 1 forcefully shifted her to another hospital, where he advised her not to have sexual relations with her husband and made her undergo a series of tests.
This would necessarily imply that ‘such other work or project’ must be in larger public interest in contrast to private interest.
It appears that the effect was made to point out certain documents and criminal case numbers to him in which according to the accused, he had acted as panch.
Hydrochloric, Sulphuric and other acids all have a catastrophic effect on human flesh.
Mr. Dhruv Mehta, Senior Advocate, Ms. Madhu Tewatia and Ms. Avanish Ahlawat, Advocates appeared and made their submissions on behalf of the Distribution Company, the Corporation and the Government respectively.
The genuineness of the document is not questioned by the respondent's counsel in the cross- examination of WW-1, therefore, the same is accepted and held that the workman has worked for more than 240 days during a calendar year preceding the date of his termination from the services.
He also argued that the last seen evidence of PW12 and PW20 along with the evidence of recovery of the stolen ornaments and cash at the instance of the accused persons, from their possession, is not to be ignored.
He also argued that the last seen evidence of PW12 and PW20 along with the evidence of recovery of the stolen ornaments and cash at the instance of the accused persons, from their possession, is not to be ignored.
In the present case, however, evidence establishes the fact that the deceased Raman entered the house of Nalini accused No. 1 and was not seen thereafter.
Thus, the State has filed appeal against the order of his acquittal on the charge of conspiracy.
Thus, the State has filed appeal against the order of his acquittal on the charge of conspiracy.
The interpretation to the contrary, as sought to be assigned by the Revenue to the first proviso to Rule 3 (2)(c) of the Rules, when tested on the measure of the judicial postulations adumbrated hereinabove, thus does not commend for acceptance.
That strategy ensures the probability of their serving the backward people for whom medical courses were opened.
The learned Single Judge instead deemed it appropriate to remit the case back to the Station Commander for holding disciplinary proceedings in accordance with law after furnishing the requisite documents demanded by the respondent and allowing him to engage a private lawyer of his choice.
The reason for allowing public authorities such wide leeway in matters of contracts and tenders was elucidated in Sterling Computers (supra).
An amount of Rs 2.5 crores was paid by KCP as against a total consideration of Rs 30 crores.
All the contemnors be produced in Court on that date.
In Ex.-P32 and Ex.-P33, the Ballistic expert opined that the fired kartoos (Ex.-EC1 to EC4) have been fired from 0.315 bore katta/desi pistol (Ex.-A4).
If on the day fixed or any other day to which the hearing may be adjourned the appellant does not appear when the appeal is called on for hearing, the Court may make an order that the appeal be dismissed.
There were votaries of wholly elective element. ‘There were advocates of selection by non-governmental social service organisations.
It has also to be remembered that the lower judicial officers mostly work under a charged atmosphere and are constantly under a psychological pressure with all the contestants and their lawyers almost breathing down their necks - more correctly upto their nostrils.
It has referred to the recommenda- tions of the Committee headed by Justice K.T. Thomas and also that of F.S. Nariman Committee.
Around 35.7 per cent were youths in the age group of 15-29 years and 34.5 per cent were middle-aged persons in the age group of 30-44 years of the total suicide victims.
The submission which has been pressed by the learned counsel for the respondent is that the special pay of Rs.2,000/-, which was sanctioned by the office memorandum dated 03.02.1999, although describes the said amount of Rs.2,000/- as special pay but the real nature of the aforesaid payment was not the special pay as defined in Fundamental Rule 9(25).
The above mentioned change in the site plan of Sector-14A, apart from resulting in direct loss of land to NOIDA, is also contrary to the Rules of NOIDA.
This is just and fair.
Bar of jurisdiction of Civil Courts.
We have already opined that on the date the came into force, the accused- appellant was still in possession of the contraband article.
Along with the accolades that you will enjoy should be a sobering thought - about what you will do to make a difference - and what will be your significant effort for the people around you.
Learned senior counsel for the petitioner argues that the CESC, which provides electricity to the suit premises, entered into an agreement on September 25, 2004 with its licensee, being the landlord/petitioner.
Many cases have been fought over whether a contract’s chosen form of dispute resolution is expert determination or arbitration.
This title inspires all sections of the society to do good for the mankind irrespective of caste and creed, race and region, language and culture etc. Dr. Mahip Singh, author of this book, is an eminent Sikh scholar.
The President said that the officers would need to continuously upgrade their skills in terms of developing, producing and upgrading the weapon systems.
The submission that condition No.4 of the permission to purchase, obtained by respondent No.4 in 2003 permits the Collector to pass such an order is equally untenable.
The so called distinction is based purely on the basis of the class of the performer and the so called superior class of audience.
When the father is not in India, there can be communication/interaction through Skype at about 7.30 P.M.(Indian Standard Time) or any other mode on line.
The expression imported goods is defined to mean “any goods brought into India from a place outside India  but so as not to include goods which have been cleared for home consumption.
After summarizing the recommendations pertaining to the need for the State to stop exploitation of natural resources, the Supreme Court pointed out that Parliament had thereafter significantly passed the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 for preventing environmental pollution.
In our opinion, to some extent, we do find considerable force in the said submission.
The heart attack had a distinct effect of the insured falling off from his motorcycle.
It was observed that the brutality of murder alone cannot justify infliction of death penalty.
Information about university approval of appointment of teachers not available.
On going through this aspect, on the basis of the powerpoint presentation given by Dr. Ajay Bhushan Pandey, CEO of UIDAI, and the arguments of both the sides, including the questions which were put by the petitioners to Dr. Pandey and the answers thereupon, the Court has come to the conclusion that minimal possible data, demographic and biometric, is obtained from the Aadhaar holders.
However, I need not pursue this subject further, since, for the purpose of the present appeal, I am prepared to assume that an alternative charge of perjury lies, and that it was a charge of that nature which the learned Additional Sessions Judge contemplated.
The executive’s powers to commute a death sentence, in other words, exist to remedy deficiencies in the strict application of the law.
Bhagwan @ Azad.
The coal which has been seized by the State in illegal transportation and illegal mining for which different cases have been registered by the State, is not to be dealt with as directed above.
If beneficiary of the acquisition is an agency/instrumentality of the State and 80% of the total compensation is deposited in terms of (3-A) and substantial portion of the acquired land has been utilised in furtherance of the particular public purpose, then the court may reasonably presume that possession of the acquired land has been taken.
The manufacturer comes in the possession of the motor vehicle after the vehicle is manufactured and is suitable for use on roads.
The debts payable under clause (a) and clause (b) of sub- section (1) shall be paid in full, unless the assets are insufficient to meet them, in which case they shall abate in equal proportions.
Computation and payment of advance tax by assessee.
Even the argument of the appellant with reference to , in particular proviso to sub-section (2) of the said Act, did not commend to the Tribunal.
Eastern Coalfields Ltd. (supra) and hence the writ petitions and the appeals arising therefrom should have been decided by the writ court and the appellate court (Division Bench) in the light of the law laid down in the said decision.
It is also implied that only men of standing who have special expertise in the field to which the Tribunal relates, will be eligible for appointment as Technical members.
It is also implied that only men of standing who have special expertise in the field to which the Tribunal relates, will be eligible for appointment as Technical members.
Provided that where such subsidy or grant or reimbursement is of such nature that it cannot be directly relatable to the asset acquired, so much of the amount which bears to the total subsidy or reimbursement or grant the same proportion as such asset bears to all the assets in respect of or with reference to which the subsidy or grant or reimbursement is so received, shall not be included in the actual cost of the asset to the assessee.
One more suggestion received from one of the Chief Justices was that a Judicial Administration School should be established to impart training to the entrants to the judicial service on the topics of fairness, imparti- ality, objectivity and independence from executive interference.
There can be no hard and fast rule, but nothing will justify the rejection of the opinion of an expert supported by unchallenged reasons on the sole ground that it is not corroborated.
We find no substance in the contention.
The parties shall be referred to as described before the Tribunal.
Vesting does not depend upon the volition of the owner.
Similarly, the Arvind Industries case is again a judgment in which it is clear that the doctrine of promissory estoppel could have no application because the appellant in that case was not able to show that any definite promise was made by or on behalf of the Government and that the appellant had acted upon such promise.
It is relevant to mention that prior to the new Act a Parliamentary Standing Committee had examined the government Bill on the Prevention of Child Marriage and suggested that child marriages solemnized after the introduction of the new Act should be made void ab initio.
In terms of this Section, upon receipt by the Supreme Court of Chile of a request concerning the extradition, the same shall be remanded to the Court Attorney who will then report whether the extradition is lawfully proper in accordance with the Treaty signed by the nation in which the convict is found or otherwise in the absence of a treaty, with the international law principles.
Knowledge and innovation are the keystones of progress. Competitive advantage can be derived from an eco - system conducive to new learning, research and innovation.
So charges are framed on the materials produced by the prosecution for framing the charges “at that stage .
Initial investigation was conducted by Sub-Inspector of Police Sat Prakash (PW-20) and further investigation was conducted by Inspector of Police LR Thakur (PW-22).
In other words the intention and purpose of the warlike operations directed against the governmental machinery is an important criterion.
It is thus clear that observations made by this Court in Shagun (supra) was based upon not upon Government of India recommendations but in the letter of Deputy Technical Director, Western Region, which was wrongly represented to this Court as recommendations of the Government of India.
First criteria may be a relevant factor while applying the R-R test, provided the offences relating to heinous crimes like murder, rape, dacoity etc. have ended in conviction.
National Bal Bhavan, besides organising its own local, national and international level programmes, also deputes children 's delegations to take part in Cultural Exchange Programmes in other Countries.
Colleges deserve special attention as a large chunk of students about 87 percent are enrolled in them.
This being the position in the present case and in view of the fact that clause 4 of the Work Order is not under challenge before us, the decision that would be arrived at by Superintending Engineer, Hydel Circle No.1, Chandigarh must also be binding on the parties as a result whereof clause 4 must be held to be a binding arbitration agreement.
The rate of scholarship varies from Rs. 250 to Rs. 750, depending on course of study.
With that when we come to the next part of the judgment, namely, the alleged corrupt practice under based upon Annexure IV, which was the pamphlet distributed in the name of Second Respondent, the contention was that the First Respondent was responsible for issuing the said pamphlet in the name of the Second Respondent with a view to divert the votes of UDF and thereby, the candidature of the Appellant was put to serious prejudice.
It does not give any details or particulars.
This statement of the complainant was sought to be proved by the GD Entry No.17 dated 28-09-1983 of the police station.
At the same time in order to obviate any future challenge the NDMC is expected to keep in mind the arguments of the appellants on these aspects.
At the same time in order to obviate any future challenge the NDMC is expected to keep in mind the arguments of the appellants on these aspects.
On account of losing the job by the deceased, Appellant No. 1 and the deceased trapped in a financial crisis.
This stipulation does not mean that the provisions of MRU Act or for that matter any other law are repugnant to the provisions of the Code.
The Commission noted that this provision will ensure that in a case where a person in police custody sustains injuries, it is presumed by the Court that those injuries have been inflicted by the police, and the burden of proof shall lie on the concerned police officer to explain such injury.
In any event, the bankers' cheques drawn on SBI, Account EEPC, were in fact in favour of the UCO Bank only and not in favour of any other party.
In case the public prosecutor does not file the objections in writing, the appellate court shall, in its order, specify that no objection had been filed despite the opportunity granted by the court.
X, Y, Z are the actual percentage of cost of bitumen, cement and steel respectively, used for execution of work as per the for the month.
There is nothing to suggest that Manoharan suffered from any emotional or mental imbalance or disturbance or was under any external provocation while committing this offence.
The complaint as well as summoning order dated 17.01.2017 is set aside insofar as the appellants in the above-mentioned criminal appeals are concerned.
By an order dated 21.10.2017, Shri Khan rejected the appellant’s application after hearing both sides, without giving any reasons therefor.
Form of awards :- (1) Every award under this Part shall be in writing signed by the Judge, and shall specify the amount awarded under clause first of sub-section (1) of , and also the amounts (if any) respectively awarded under each of the other clauses of the same sub-section, together with the grounds of awarding each of the said amounts.
A money lender or a pawn broker applies for licence to do this business knowing fully well that the security that he shall deposit shall not earn any interest.
The regulations also empower the CCI to hold conferences with the concerned persons/parties, including their advocates/authorised persons.
The regulations also empower the CCI to hold conferences with the concerned persons/parties, including their advocates/authorised persons.
After hearing learned Additional Advocate General for the State and learned senior counsel appearing for the accused and considering case law and provisions of the Act, learned Single Judge of the High Court opined that the judgment delivered by the Trial Court is totally perverse and has been passed without appreciating the evidence or the legal provisions.
It is always open to the government not to fill up the vacancies, however such decision should not be arbitrary or unreasonable.
Deliberate and voluntary confessions of guilt, if clearly proved are among the most effectual proofs in law'.
President Pranab Mukherjee at a function organized to pay homage to cartoonist late Shri P.K.S. Kutty at Rashtrapati Bhavan today (October 29, 2012) said that the job of a cartoonist is to convey important social messages by using humour as a tool.
I find that though the crime committed was of a gruesome nature, yet the conduct of the accused does not show trace of pre-meditated murder.
I find that though the crime committed was of a gruesome nature, yet the conduct of the accused does not show trace of pre-meditated murder.
The research temper of the students must be developed.
Productive use of tractor and power tiller for a minimum of 1000hours and 600 hours per annum respectively to be ensured.
MoUs signed today will facilitate our continued engagement and pave the way for joint R & D and innovation, student and faculty exchanges etc.
MoUs signed today will facilitate our continued engagement and pave the way for joint R & D and innovation, student and faculty exchanges etc.
In fact, the representations made by the landlords' association and the reports of various Committees indicated, the laws were being very often abused by the rich tenants against poor or middle class landlords.
In view of the proceeded analysis we allow the appeals, set aside the order passed by the High Court and restore that of the learned trial Judge.
A large number of hydroelectric as well as thermal power plants have been set up across the State.
Secondly, the appellant being a private individual, if he is required to do some act within a specified time prescribed in the Scheme then it is mandatory for him to do so within the time specified.
Their rising participation in the engineering value chain would impart a new dynamism to the engineering sector.
However, Section 3 of the PCMA makes a child marriage voidable at the option of that party, who was a child at the time of marriage.
Special provision for full value of consideration for transfer of share other than quoted share.
No suit to enforce a right arising from a contract or conferred by this Act shall be instituted in any court by or on behalf of any person suing as a partner in a firm against the firm or any person alleged to be or to have been a partner in the firm unless the firm is registered and the person suing is or has been shown in the register of firms as a partner in the firm.
He, however, did not examine any defence witness.
He was also told that the goods be released only after the process of sampling was complete.
As discussed below, this approach has been endorsed in subsequent cases, albeit drawing a slightly different but “material  distinction between incorporation of the terms of a separate contract – standard or otherwise – made between the same parties which are treated as “single contract  cases, even where there is in fact more than one contract; and those where the terms to be incorporated are contained in a contract between one or more different parties which are treated as the “two contract  cases.
Srivastava, according to him, is qualified for appointment as a judge of a High Court.
These are extracted extensively under Chapter III of the report.
Chapter IV of the Act of 1973 deals with the planning areas and fresh development plan.
We uphold the Award of such compensation.
They went to Ashok Yatri Niwas for drinking water and there they noticed the fire in Bagia Restaurant.
This issue has already been decided authoritatively by this Court.
Filtering the unnecessary details, the prosecution case is that the deceased, Patrangi Ramanaiah, was a supporter of the Telugu Desam Party, while accused Vutukuru Lakshmaiah, A-1, was the Councilor for Ward No. 16 of Nellore Municipality and belonged to the Congress Party.
What was challenged was the FIR lodged against the 1st respondent as Vigilance P.S. Case No.7 of 2002 dated 20th August, 2002 under //////// I.P.C. and under (1(d) read with of Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 qua the 1st respondent.
SHIVA KIRTI SINGH, J. Heard learned counsel for both the parties.
The adjacent to the foot path all around the garden and the central foot path may be utilised for growing different short duration green vegetables like Coriander, spinach, fenugreek, Alternanthera etc.
While matters stood thus, the Delhi High Court passed the impugned order on 24.7.2008, as has been stated hereinabove, in which it was of the view that proviso 3 of the , 1985, when construed to include all proceedings under the , 1985, would make the present proceedings under the , 1985, abate on the facts of this case.
These include Shri Sawarn Singh, Shri Kapil Sharma, Shri Ranjit Singh, Shri Bajrang Lal Takhar, Shri Robin Panachithanathu Ulahannan, Shri Sawan Kumar Kalkal, Shri Mohammad Azad, Shri Maninder Singh, Shri Davinder Singh, Shri Mohammed Ahmed, Ms. Shagun Chowdhary, Ms. Shreyasi Singh and Ms. Varsha Varman.
While describing the role of the legislature to relieve burdened debtors from being charged with oppressive compound interest rates, this Court in the Central Bank of India case (supra), stated that the practice of imposing such interest was permissible, legal and judicially correct, if it was a consequence of a voluntary agreement between the parties, except when the same was superseded by legislation.
In her statement to the police, the complainant/prosecuterix alleged, that the appellant herein Prashant Bharti (hereinafter referred to as, the appellant-accused) was known to her for about four months.
This scheme was adopted for the corporate sector employees, engaged in the State of Himachal Pradesh.
The governance of the BCCI must be decentralised.
Sanjay Kumar, the appellant himself, and he filed his treatment record and bills as Exs.
It, however, does not mean that the cheque is always to be presented to the drawer’s bank on which the cheque is issued.
The High Court was satisfied that Prakash was suitably identified but completely overlooked the fact that even if the Trial Court had come to an erroneous conclusion, at best, it placed Prakash at the place of occurrence at 1.00 p.m. and not later.
Thus, the Sessions Court acquired jurisdiction to consider the bail application.
It is unfortunate that despite repeated judicial pronouncements, the executive authorities entrusted with the task of acquiring private land for any specified public purposes have time and again exhibited total lack of seriousness in the performance of their duties under the statute.
Therefore, the executive as well as civil society has to perform its role in enforcing the already existing legal regime.
Further, it is urged that both the Tribunal and the High Court have not taken into consideration the relevant indisputed fact that the criminal case is registered against respondent No.1-the driver and respondent no.2-the owner of the vehicle and the charge-sheet is filed against them.
Further, it is urged that both the Tribunal and the High Court have not taken into consideration the relevant indisputed fact that the criminal case is registered against respondent No.1-the driver and respondent no.2-the owner of the vehicle and the charge-sheet is filed against them.
This is especially so in the sectors of agricultural credit, sugar, dairy, textiles, fisheries, distribution of fertilizers and agricultural inputs, storage and marketing.
The department has initiated a number of steps to promote a responsible and responsive consumer movement in the country.
This will be beneficial for the people surrounding North 24 - Parganas and Nadia.
They have to work with professionalism, transparency and integrity to meet the aspirations of large number of people of India.
Factually also, a perusal of the record would show that the file was put up to the Finance Minister by the Director General of Income Tax (Vigilance) seeking the approval of the Finance Minister for sanctioning prosecution against one officer and for initiation of major penalty proceeding under Rule 3(1)(i) and (3) (1) (iii) of the Central Civil Services (Conduct) Rules against the officers mentioned in the note which included the appellant herein.
We also issue a direction that the hospital, where the victim of an acid attack is first treated, should give a certificate that the individual is a victim of an acid attack.
This would show that the documents about transaction of purchase of land were taken by deceased Raman with him and as those documents must have been burnt.
She stated that there was no requirement of giving an opportunity at every stage and in view of the personal hearing given to the first Petitioner in January, 2018, there was no necessity of another opportunity to be given by the first Respondent before passing a final order.
What will be noticed is that the sanctions that have been imposed by the authorities of both the United States and the Council of the European Union are not on account of any misconduct on the part of VTB Bank.
You are requested to appear in person or depute an authorized representative to present the case of your Trust/Society vis-à-vis the disapproval letter of the MCI alogwith the requisite information in the enclosed format on the specified date & time failing which the scheme will be decided ex-parte.
To make the matters worst for the appellant, it has been provided in that the seat of the arbitration shall be in London.
The deceased had died homicidal death and cause of her death was asphyxia due to strangulation.
Sardarkha tried to convince him.
Ancient India had a tradition of world-class learning, represented by renowned universities at Nalanda, Takshashila, Vikramashila, Valabhi, Odantapuri and Somapura.
It is to be borne in mind that the process of defining the relevant market starts by looking into a relatively narrow potential product market definition.
A person can be convicted under more than one Section if the conditions of the charged Sections are satisfied in a given case.
The explanation given by him regarding the non disclosure of the alleged offences said to have committed by the appellants and other accused that he was held out of fear and therefore, he did not disclose the incident to anyone of the villagers cannot be accepted as it is unnatural.
The explanation given by him regarding the non disclosure of the alleged offences said to have committed by the appellants and other accused that he was held out of fear and therefore, he did not disclose the incident to anyone of the villagers cannot be accepted as it is unnatural.
The inclusion of a chapter in the Constitution is in accordance with the trends of modern democratic thought.
Mr. Amarendra Sharan, learned senior counsel appearing for the appellants, submitted that while the incident was alleged to have taken place on 29.10.1991, the FIR was registered on 19.01.1992 and there was, thus, a delay of two months and twenty one days in lodging the FIR.
The restriction is that no person shall use or permit the use of any such land situated in a municipal area other than that for which such land use was or is permissible, in accordance with the Master Plan, wherever it is in operation.
A statute providing that any person who shall commit any act or practice of sexual perversity, either with mankind or beast on conviction shall be punished, is not limited to instances involving carnal copulation, but is restricted to cases involving the sex organ of at least one of the parties.
In light of the aforesaid, we are of the considered opinion that the judgment and order passed by the High Court ought to be set aside and the appeals of the Revenue requires to be allowed.
In light of the aforesaid, we are of the considered opinion that the judgment and order passed by the High Court ought to be set aside and the appeals of the Revenue requires to be allowed.
These companies did not have any material transaction as per the main object for which they were incorporated and did not have business since their incorporation.
It is further found that there is no provision in the agreement to the effect that in case of failure to supply food grains the Government is liable to compensate the loss that may be sustained on account of failure of the department to supply food grains, and the arbitrator patently exceeded jurisdiction.
It is further found that there is no provision in the agreement to the effect that in case of failure to supply food grains the Government is liable to compensate the loss that may be sustained on account of failure of the department to supply food grains, and the arbitrator patently exceeded jurisdiction.
Relying on the aforesaid, it was submitted that while considering the reasonableness, the court should consider the purpose of restriction imposed, extent of urgency, prevailing conditions at the time when the restriction was imposed.
Unless one of the co-owners, in the present case, the plaintiff, had been ousted in accordance with law, the plaintiff could claim the partition and there is no question of adverse possession.
At one place, PW-5 states that the police came to the village at 11.00 am and took her complaint by obtaining her left thumb impression; whereas PW-17-PSI stated that he was not knowing about the incident till PW-5 came to the police station and lodged the complaint at 01.15 PM and before that he has not received any phone call from the village Dalapathi.
There would be a transformation of political power from a colonial regime.
Not only the existing construction would be removed but also none of these Respondents - Project Proponent would be permitted to raise any construction in this zone.
It is not disputed by the learned counsel for the parties that except Ishwar Singh, no other selected candidate was impleaded before the High Court.
Chairmanship by the Ministers of the concerned ministries.
And, the consequence of the violation of is that the transaction is void and the Plaintiffs lost all rights in the property as per of the Act.
Further, the site plan (Exh. 3) cannot be read in isolation.
It is submitted by the learned counsel for the appellant that the last seen theory as advanced by the prosecution is not acceptable inasmuch as the owner of the tea stall has not been examined.
It is submitted by the learned counsel for the appellant that the last seen theory as advanced by the prosecution is not acceptable inasmuch as the owner of the tea stall has not been examined.
It was, however, opined that he enjoyed good personal and professional image.
The meeting proceedings of 25.10.2007 is and the signature of Horilal is at page 2 from A-A. Horilal had signed meeting proceedings and signed in the meeting itself.
The suit was decreed in favour of the respondent and therefore, the appellant employer filed Title Appeal No. 28 of 1985 against the judgment dated 18.04.1985 delivered by the trial court.
It is against this common order that the petitioners have filed these special leave petitions.
It is against this common order that the petitioners have filed these special leave petitions.
The evidence so far collected prima facie reveal the involvement of the petitioner.
The time constraints of the land acquisition are not applicable to the BDA Act.
Both the above said recoveries have been made from the respective houses of the accused/appellants where their families were residing.
Under your leadership, Excellency, Tanzania has made commendable progress.
No doubt, in the scuffle that took place, one blow came to be inflicted on the head of Ashok which injury proved fatal.
The Annual Report for the year 2005 - 2006 has been prepared and copies sent to the Ministries / Departments and State Governments.
Tolerance and pluralism are the principles which constitute the foundation of our secular fabric.
Otherwise also there is no challenge to the registration of this name in favour of the respondent.
We have also recommended various other legal measures to combat road accidents.
RBI is supposed to uphold public interest and not the interest of individual banks.
His novel, 'The Insider', describes a man 's rise through the ranks of Indian politics won accolades for its treatment of the contemporary politics in India.
He was also acquitted by the Court of competent jurisdiction in the same year.
He was also acquitted by the Court of competent jurisdiction in the same year.
Occasionally another answer is that someone knowledgeable has so intimated to the Chief justice.
NPC is promoting and disseminating productivity skills through consultancy to the private and public corporate sectors, Central and State Governments, industry associations, their members, and other client groups.
The President would like the Rashtrapati Bhavan to be a community which is aware of the differently abled people in its midst and which seeks to empower them in order to improve the quality of their life.
Under this scheme, a cash incentive of Rs. 700 / - will be paid to Rural Below - Poverty - Line pregnant women who have their deliveries in Government hospitals and PHCs in the state.
If the punishment imposed by the disciplinary authority or the appellate authority shocks the conscience of the High Court/Tribunal, it would appropriately mould the relief, either directing the disciplinary/appellate authority to reconsider the penalty imposed, or to shorten the litigation, it may itself, in exceptional and rare cases, impose appropriate punishment with cogent reasons in support thereof.
If the punishment imposed by the disciplinary authority or the appellate authority shocks the conscience of the High Court/Tribunal, it would appropriately mould the relief, either directing the disciplinary/appellate authority to reconsider the penalty imposed, or to shorten the litigation, it may itself, in exceptional and rare cases, impose appropriate punishment with cogent reasons in support thereof.
Section 144 of the C.P.C. is not the fountain source of restitution; it is rather a statutory recognition of a pre-existing rule of justice, equity and fair play.
In Hepples v. FCT, (1991) 173 CLR 492, the High Court of Australia unequivocally favoured the principle that taxation legislation should be subject to a strict literal interpretation and opined that such an approach was supported by ‘common sense’.
India and Algeria have maintained close relations since the era of your struggle for independence.
According to that, Higher Education Institutions can be permitted to charge fees to be fixed by an appropriate authority provided such fees do not lead to charging capitation fees or to profiteering.
The Consti- tution envisages an egalitarian society in which justice, social, economic and political will inform all the institutions of the national life.
The respondents (A-106 and A-111) did not participate in the training at Sandheri, and at the most, they could be held to be silent spectators of the training and therefore, could not be involved in the offence.
Adjudication is determinative of the past and the present while legislation is indicative of the future.
He did not complete the pre-release course.
Special leave petitions were preferred before the Supreme Court where the respondents were present on caveat.
To overcome this ugly situation the legislature has made it obligatory that no motor vehicle shall be used unless a third party insurance is in force.
There is, for example, a specific reason for turmeric to be a key ingredient in our everyday food; the tulsi leaf is, similarly, incorporated in the holy water or charan amrit consumed after daily prayers and ghee made of cow’s milk has been a staple cooking medium down the ages.
When the appellant (A-18) touched these packets, he realised that they did not contain silver smuggled from abroad.
When the appellant (A-18) touched these packets, he realised that they did not contain silver smuggled from abroad.
One could begin by stating the factual situation as known publicly.
To spread female education, he established schools that were dedicated to girls, giving them a well - rounded education and moulding them into socially responsible women.
As we have not decided on that contention it is open to the insured to raise it before the Claims Tribunal.
As we have not decided on that contention it is open to the insured to raise it before the Claims Tribunal.
To the contrary, the conclusion of the High Court on this issue seems to be dominantly guided by the recovery of the bank passbook in the name of the appellant from the vehicle and the reference of his name in the ruqqa Ext.PW8/A and the NCB form.
The answer to the first limb of the first question posed by us is therefore clear that without the Guidelines having been issued in that behalf by AICTE expressly permitting degree courses in Engineering through distance education mode, the Deemed to be Universities were not justified in introducing such courses.
In the instant case, we have already noticed that the 'pointing finger of accusation' against the appellants is 'the seriousness of the charge'.
In Nav Bharat Construction Company (supra), this Court had appointed a retired Judge of this Court as umpire and had also held that the reference was not a new one but a continuation of the earlier proceedings under the Act.
Deduction in respect of deposits under National Savings Scheme or payment to a deferred annuity plan.
The overall benefits that may accrue to the economy of the country as a whole by the establishment of the Commercial Division will, in our opinion, be in several hundreds of crores of Rupees.
In the circumstances, it is difficult at this stage to make up a view as what could be the shape and size of the land eventually being acquired by Government.
In other words, in the case of self-employed or persons with fixed wages, in case, the deceased victim was below 40 years, there must be an addition of 50% to the actual income of the deceased while computing future prospects.
In other words, in the case of self-employed or persons with fixed wages, in case, the deceased victim was below 40 years, there must be an addition of 50% to the actual income of the deceased while computing future prospects.
The cart could not have been put before the horse.
If the period of appointments does not cover one academic year (i.e. from the re-opening day of the school after summer vacation to the closing day for summer vacation), the appointment shall be made only on daily wages.
They were rulers only in name, left only with the recognition of their original title, a privy purse, some privileges, etc.
We have adumbrated the history of the litigation, the directions issued by this Court from time to time and adverted to how this Court has appreciated the impact of sex ratio on a civilized society having regard to the legislative intendment under the Act, the suggestions given by the learned counsel for the petitioner, the verification done by the Monitoring Committee, and the crisis the country is likely to face if the obtaining situation is allowed to prevail.
Rule 1, thus, empowers the Chief Justice to constitute a Division Bench as well as a larger Bench.
On the aforesaid analysis, the High Court held that the elected candidate had not disclosed the full and complete information.
Apart from these, the substantial revelations of the defendant (appellant) in the affidavit coupled with the views expressed by the Division Bench of the High Court makes it clear that there are certain triable issues for adjudication and the defendant/appellant is entitled to defend the Suit.
The claimant is liable in damages for wrongful arrest.
We shall deal with the authorities in seriatim.
It is now well known that a fraud vitiates all solemn acts.
We have no hesitation in affirming the view taken by the Courts below in this regard.
Sterilization of all equipment used during an operation, and of anything that in any way may touch the operative area, is carried out scrupulously in hospitals.
Fourth, the reason behind this simultaneous statutory transfer of pending appeals to the Appellate Tribunal under FEMA appears to be that the legislature did not intend to provide two separate Appellate Authorities under FEMA for challenging the adjudication order passed under Section 51 of the FERA, i.e., one appeal before the Special Director (Appeals) and the other appeal before the Appellate Tribunal under FEMA.
Responding to the President, the UN Secretary General said India is a critically importantglobal power.
For the reasons recorded in the foregoing paragraphs, we are of the view, that reliance on different entries in different lists of the Seventh Schedule, at the behest of the learned counsel for the appellants, may turn out to be wholly inconsequential, in so far as the present controversy is concerned.
Aggrieved, the appellants filed LC Suit No. 456 of 2016 in the City Civil Court, challenging the aforesaid letter dated 17.01.2015 issued by respondent no. 2 to be illegal and void.
Though it is open to the individual member to leave a Church in exercise of the right not to be a member of any association and as per of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Parish Assembly of the Church by majority or otherwise cannot decide to move Church out of the Malankara Church.
From the proved facts, however, it is evident that the respondent overstayed for a period of around 1½ years beyond the casual leave period which is indubitably against the requirements of discipline.
A risk of Dated 25.02.2015 this kind taken up by an intending purchaser cannot lead to an inference of collusion.
Beans, other low - fat sources of protein and certain types of fish also can reduce risk of heart disease.
The Regional Load Despatch Centre may give such directions and exercise such supervision and control as may be required for ensuring stability of grid operations and for achieving the maximum economy and efficiency in the operation of the power system in the region under its control.
The 2006 Act was accordingly amended with a view to make it mandatory for all the private medical institutions set up in the State to take affiliation from the Himachal Pradesh University.
In our view, from the circumstances the conclusion of the guilt of the appellant herein has not been fully established beyond all shadow of doubt as the circumstances are not conclusive in nature -- neither the chain of events is complete nor the circumstances lead to the conclusion that the offence was committed by the appellant and none else.
In one mark sheet, it was mentioned that his result is withheld (WB) whereas in other it was not.
However, any determination by this Court in the present proceedings of the quantum of damages payable to the petitioner would be contrary to the underlying purpose and object of the order passed by the coordinate bench.
However, any determination by this Court in the present proceedings of the quantum of damages payable to the petitioner would be contrary to the underlying purpose and object of the order passed by the coordinate bench.
If that is not insisted, it is trite, the very object in enacting the Act, on the basis of the 'UNCITRAL Modern Law', would be defeated.
His significant accomplishments in leadership in cancer care are a testimony to his role as a mentor in developing the cancer care strategy for Government of India and WHO.
A doubt is, therefore, created as to whether he really saw the incident.
I think that I should view it with an extremely critical eye; that is to say if I have no recourse left, then in those circumstances alone I will place this on the order paper .
This right is described as eminent domain in American Law and is like the power of taxation of offering of political necessity and is supposed to be based upon an implied reservation by the Government that private property acquired by its citizens under its protection may be taken or its use can be controlled for public benefit irrespective of the wishes of the owner.
This right is described as eminent domain in American Law and is like the power of taxation of offering of political necessity and is supposed to be based upon an implied reservation by the Government that private property acquired by its citizens under its protection may be taken or its use can be controlled for public benefit irrespective of the wishes of the owner.
He immediately went to rescue quarrel.
On the contrary, the section is intended to help those who have not been offered or paid the compensation despite it being the legal obligation of the acquiring body so to do, and/or who have been illegally deprived of their possession for five years or more; in both the scenarios, fault/cause not being attributable to the landowners/claimants.
The overriding effect extends not only to any other law for the time being in force but also to any instrument having effect by virtue of having such law.
The overriding effect extends not only to any other law for the time being in force but also to any instrument having effect by virtue of having such law.
These IP rights help the consumers in buying quality products and protect them from use of substandard products which may cause health and safety hazards.
In the absence of other cogent evidence, the plea of juvenility of the appellants is liable to be rejected.
While the MCI has been assigned the paramount role of according recognition, the affiliation is best left to the State Government/University/examining body and, therefore, it is beyond the competence of the MCI or the Central Government to dictate terms to the State insofar as the question of grant of ‘affiliation’ is concerned or direct the State to affiliate a Medical College to a particular University.
Conduct Health check - up, immunization, family planning camps, pre & post natal check - up, cancer detection, blood donation, eye - care camps, etc.
Wander Ltd. (supra), while dealing with appeals against orders granting or refusing a prayer for interlocutory injunction, did reiterate that the same, being in exercise of judicial discretion, the appellate court ought not interfere therewith and substitute its own discretion except where such discretion is shown to have been exercised arbitrarily or capriciously or perversely or where the Court whose order has been appealed from, had ignored the settled principles of law, regulating grant or refusal of interlocutory injunctions.
In fact refusal of an employer or obstruction met with penal consequences.
At the same time, it has also come on record that the petitioner duped respondent No.1 by not revealing the fact of his first marriage and pretending that he was single.
It will be seen that Order 37 Rule 2 is applicable to what may be compendiously described as commercial causes.
However, by its letter dated 29th December, 1972, the Central Government directed the State Government to reject the mining lease application of Dr. Pradhan.
It 's vitally important not to move a person with serious neck or back injuries unless you have to save him from further danger.
In that case, this Court took the view that High Court was not justified in accepting the compromise and setting aside the conviction.
In that case, this Court took the view that High Court was not justified in accepting the compromise and setting aside the conviction.
Public opinion is difficult to fit in the ‘rarest of rare’ matrix.
Similarly, the second defendant has to make a declaration that they are the beneficial interest holders of the said shares.
Similarly, the second defendant has to make a declaration that they are the beneficial interest holders of the said shares.
It was also submitted that the cost in the form of medical expenses which are incurred for treatment of those who suffered as a result of burning of crackers is equally high or even may be higher.
We are not persuaded by the submissions of Mr. Harish Salve.
One more aspect needs to be kept in mind.
The thread of reasonableness runs through the entire fundamental rights chapter.
The procedure for submission, processing and approval of slum rehabilitation schemes also contains a guideline that by undertaking the survey, information of the proposed members/slum dwellers should also be collected and Annexure II prescribed by SRA should be filled up so as to give the details of land occupied by the slum dwellers, number and type of structures such as residential, industrial etc. and the list of eligible and ineligible occupants and consent to join the scheme.
Thus began the history of Indian Hockey Federation as India entered the Olympics to begin its golden saga.
The creativity of a person impels him not to be tied down or chained to the established ideals or get enslaved to the past virtues and choose to walk on the trodden path.
Mahatma Gandhi’s concept of Purna Swaraj or the idea of strong and prosperous India is based on the foundation of Good Governance.
Vijay D. Kadam (PW-344) supported the version of other witness/ accused and particularly in respect of booking the rooms in Hotel Big Splash by respondent (A-17).
The other co-accused in the case were also the members of the said organization.
Power to collect certain information.
The Government of India will strongly stand by our brothers and sisters of Bangladesh in this fight.
The trial court held that the chance finger prints of the appellant-accused no.1 collected from the place of occurrence was immaterial as he was working as domestic help in the house of deceased.
Dr. Kadam’s dream came true in 1996 when deemed-to-be-university status was conferred on a cluster of institutions under Bharati Vidyapeeth.
However, if a suitable person with that disability is not available, it may be filled by interchange among the three categories of disabilities.
After that, he took over the bag of remaining hand grenades and the pistol given to him earlier and left the vehicle near Bandra Reclamation.
Even the Constitution cannot be amended to erode the basic structure of the Constitution.
Therefore, in absence of challenge to the decision of the Managing Committee to abolish the posts in question, it was not open for the Tribunal and/or the High Court to hold that abolition of posts was bad in law.
Anti Dumping Guidelines issued by the Government of India must be understood and complied with while carrying out import of goods.
The said synchronization cannot take place in the absence of any specific understanding/arrangement between the clients at the first instance, especially when the shares of the company were highly liquid at the time of the trades.
In the circumstances, arguments on the preliminary question as to whether the appeal should be heard on merits have been concluded.
It is the paramount collective interest which would ultimately prevail.
It was pointed out that many members of these Federation/Association had experience of fourteen to seventeen Haj operations.
It was pointed out that many members of these Federation/Association had experience of fourteen to seventeen Haj operations.
It opined that the Tribunal's view was 'nothing but a substitution of a judicial determination to that of the authority possessing the power, i.e., the Executive Government as to the justification or rationale to continue with the suspension'.
What the State protects is religious faith and belief.
What the State protects is religious faith and belief.
The trials are alleged to have been conducted under the auspices of a project initiated by the Sixth respondent.
MSMEs, constituting larger number of total enterprises in the economy, account for a major share of industrial production and exports.
He must belong to the judicial service which as a class is free from executive control and is disciplined to uphold the dignity, integrity and independence of the judiciary.
India cultivates about eight species of mentha however three species are approved / recognized by the purpose of quality standards and international marketing.
In Guideline 2(A)(b), it is prescribed that if a candidate has disclosed his involvement in some criminal case in the attestation form then such case will be referred to Screening Committee to assess his suitability for appointment in Chandigarh Police irrespective of the fact that the case is under investigation, trial or decided in conviction or acquittal.
1998 Policy has life only in that year and if any rights have accrued to any party, that have to be adjudicated then and there.
Further, FICCI would like a distinction to be drawn between the temporary and permanent deficit in the policyholder’s funds.
Further, investigation into the telephonic interconnection between the respondents and other ‘absconding and underground accused persons’ and also into the attempt to train young students were also set out as grounds for seeking the extension.
More so, if motive is proved that would supply a link in the chain of circumstantial evidence but the absence thereof cannot be a ground to reject the prosecution case.
However, the persons whose leases were cancelled after 5 years could apply for grant of fresh lease after 3 years.
Under the Code, the investigating officer is only to form an opinion and it is for the court to ultimately try the case based on the opinion formed by the investigating officer and see whether any offence has been made out.
Intention was to do so with effect from current Academic Year i.e. 2013-14.
Intention was to do so with effect from current Academic Year i.e. 2013-14.
The help of external experts is also taken for formulation of strategic programmes to improve the export of tea both in short term and long term.
It was followed by final notification dated 15th June, 2005 under Section 28(4) of the KIAD Act.
I have read the order proposed in the matter by the learned Chief Justice.
He was the first among the political philosophers who saw the necessity of separating judicial power from the executive and legislative branches of Government.
Levy on the import of rectified spirit is not a fee on intoxicating liquor i.e. fit for human consumption.
Now turning to the confessional statement, since it comes from the core of the heart through repentance, where such accused is even ready to undertake the consequential punishment under the law, it is this area which needs some encouragement to such an accused through some respite may be by reducing the period of punishment, such incentive would transform more such incoming accused to confess and speak the truth.
Now turning to the confessional statement, since it comes from the core of the heart through repentance, where such accused is even ready to undertake the consequential punishment under the law, it is this area which needs some encouragement to such an accused through some respite may be by reducing the period of punishment, such incentive would transform more such incoming accused to confess and speak the truth.
There was a time,' observed Lord Reid, 'When it was thought almost indecent to suggest that Judges make law - They only declare it....
The sixth sequence of facts projected by the respondents, was founded on the prevailing political situation in the State since March/April 2015, which got worst in September 2015 when 21 MLAs of the INC started to oppose their own party leadership, by calling for the removal of the Chief Minister – Nabam Tuki, and for the installation of Kalikho Pul (a former Finance Minister of the State), in his place.
The respondents/contractors purchased HTS wires from established sources in terms of the various clauses of the contract.
A notification with respect to constitution of the said Committee be issued within two weeks from today.
Patriotism is not so much protecting the land of our fathers as preserving the land of our children.
Application procedure, eligibility criteria, course curriculum and fee for the same.
The issue in the case was whether there is a privacy interest in subscriber information with respect to computers used in homes for private purposes.
There is procedure provided by law for determination of the payment of customs duty.
The Full Bench held that the autonomy under was not in conflict with the requirement of fair procedure, in the matter of selection of a headmaster/principal.
India was proud to stand shoulder to shoulder with the leaders and people of Namibia in their liberation struggle.
Accordingly, we hold that the legal contentions urged on behalf of the appellants that the second respondent is the competent Disciplinary Authority and not the first respondent by placing reliance on Rule 30 of the Rules is rejected as the same is erroneous in law.
Accordingly, we hold that the legal contentions urged on behalf of the appellants that the second respondent is the competent Disciplinary Authority and not the first respondent by placing reliance on Rule 30 of the Rules is rejected as the same is erroneous in law.
There could be no talk about the demand of money for this case or any other case.
We shall first deal with the first perspective, namely, whether constitutional interpretation in the manner accepted the world over, would be a constitutional mandate for appellate jurisdiction on tax matters, to remain with the jurisdictional High Court.
Criminal Revision was also filed by PW-4, Joginder Singh, father of the deceased for enhancement of sentence.
The Manchester Guardian wrote on 2 February 1952, 'If ever a country took a leap in the dark towards democracy it was India .
Mr. Grover, learned senior Counsel appearing for the petitioner, would contend that both the conditions are to be satisfied as they are cumulative in nature.
Hence the limitations on the exercise of those powers are such as have been crafted by the Constitution.
The further submission of the learned counsel for the appellants that even if the case of the prosecution is taken on its face value, it may fall within the exception of IPC and may not travel beyond Part I IPC is without substance for the reason that prosecution has been able to establish from the evidence on record beyond reasonable doubt their common intention and their overt act in the commission of crime.
The State is in appeal against the decision.
The Council of State was to include the Chief Justice of India among its members and its composition was to be such as to secure freedom from party bias.
Judges of the highest court, conferred with this extraordinary power, are apparently empowered to disregard statutory prohibitions—‘apparently’ because there has been a flip- flop in the approach of the court— judges speaking in different voices at different times.
They sum it by suggesting that the import of palm oil to Southern Ports particularly through Cochin, Tuticorin, Mangalore and Chennai should be disallowed with immediate effect and also the import duty of crude palm oil should not be reduced further, since it may have adverse impact on the livelihood of oil seed growers, particularly the coconut farmers of Kerala as pointed out by the Chief Minister of Kerala.
They sum it by suggesting that the import of palm oil to Southern Ports particularly through Cochin, Tuticorin, Mangalore and Chennai should be disallowed with immediate effect and also the import duty of crude palm oil should not be reduced further, since it may have adverse impact on the livelihood of oil seed growers, particularly the coconut farmers of Kerala as pointed out by the Chief Minister of Kerala.
One of the pillars of Roman law is contained in the maxim res judicata pro veritate accipitur (a thing adjudicated is received as the truth).
The Chief Engineer partially agreed with the findings of the Court of Inquiry and directed disciplinary action against the Respondent for the aforementioned two acts.
The Chief Engineer partially agreed with the findings of the Court of Inquiry and directed disciplinary action against the Respondent for the aforementioned two acts.
For the purposes of this Chapter, the expression “standard quality  means— (a) in relation to a drug, that the drug complies with the standard set out in the Second Schedule, and (b) in relation to a cosmetic, that the cosmetic compiles with such standard as may be prescribed.
Emphasis should be on energy to be provided for productive activities with thrust on micro enterprise development, backed by micro credit facilities, with a view to facilitating job creation, income generation, increasing the purchasing capacity and reducing the migration from villages.
It was held in that case that the court could not inquire into the validity of a select committee of the House of Commons on which the article complained of had apparently been partly based.
It was held in that case that the court could not inquire into the validity of a select committee of the House of Commons on which the article complained of had apparently been partly based.
It is not by way of an exception to sub-section (1) of the Section.
Bengal, Bihar and Orissa and Assam Laws Act, Act 7 of 1912 Category: State Reorganisation and Extension of Laws Recommendation: Repeal This law was enacted as a result of administrative reorganisation of the Provinces of Bengal, Bihar, Orissa and Assam.
India has worked for enhancing international cooperation in the areas of counter - terrorism, prevention of the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction to non - state actors, and the strengthening of UN peacekeeping and peace building efforts.
In fact the ratio of the judgment is what is set out in the judgment itself.
In fact the ratio of the judgment is what is set out in the judgment itself.
Where the main object and intention of a statute are clear, it must not be reduced to a nullity by the draftsman's unskilfulness or ignorance of the law, except in a case of necessity, or the absolute intractability of the language used.
By implication, challenges to these in a changing situation become challenges to our security.
Its performance would be better assessed by finding out the number of needy persons who have been able to secure shelter through CIDCO and by the beauty of the township and the quality of life for the people achieved by CIDCO through its planned development schemes.
The letter was without prejudice and no commitment could have been given by the DDA because the Central Government may well not relax the Nazul Rules.
Instead, what the Shiksha Mitra Scheme envisaged, was that appointments should be made by Village Education Committees at the village level.
Nevertheless, the “Golden Rule  was held to cover the construction of wills, statutes and all other written instruments.
Section 3A imposes prohibition of sex- selection.
Where such a scheme is sanctioned, then the insurers carrying on amalgamated business or the transferee insurers are required to furnish scheme, agreement, balance sheets etc. in respect of transfer and amalgamation to the Authority even where the amalgamation or transfer has not been made in accordance with the scheme approved by the Authority under clause (c).
The concurrence of the legislature is also not desirable as it leads to a possibility of appointments being influenced by political considerations or under political pressure.
Where profit making is the predominant object of the activity, the purpose, though an object of general public utility, would cease to be a charitable purpose.
Where profit making is the predominant object of the activity, the purpose, though an object of general public utility, would cease to be a charitable purpose.
Nagaeshwara Rao, learned senior counsel for the appellant in his submissions, mainly concentrated on the above three aspects on which the amendments impinge upon the rights of the appellant.
We say so because COD stands abrogated/dissolved and the orders directing constitution of such a Committee reversed.
It would be pertinent to mention that earlier judgment of the same High Court in the case of was cited by the Revenue.
The detailed analysis of in M.R. Engineers (supra) further fortifies our conclusion that the MoU does not incorporate an arbitration clause.
After considering the oral evidence the trial court held that the Will is not proved.
All the persons who have been appointed by way of direct recruitment from the Bar as Judges to preside over FTCs under the FTC Scheme shall be entitled to be appointed to the regular cadre of the Higher Judicial Services of the respective States only in the following manner: (a) The direct recruits to FTCs who opt for regularisation shall take a written examination to be conducted by the High Courts of the respective States for determining their suitability for absorption in the regular cadre of Additional District Judges.
Of course, if a Judge owes his appointment to a political party, certainly in the course of his career as a Judge, also as an ordinary human being, he will certainly be bound to have some consideration for the political views of the authority that has appointed him.
It underlines the need for civil services to be foremost in their commitment towards the people.
As regards this subject, the Supreme Court, in two decisions referred to at page 1 of the report, suggested that Law Commission should undertake the exercise of identifying more compoundable offences.
The land-holders may thereafter be permitted to withdraw the sum @ Rs.25,000/- per bigha without furnishing any security but on proof of sufficient identification.
The petitioners in that case were not selected as they secured less than 55 % marks.
The petitioners in that case were not selected as they secured less than 55 % marks.
Justifiably assuming that you had time and opportunity to read the reports submitted by the present Law Commission, you must have noticed that they form a chain and provide continuity - fram topic to topic.
We are in full agreement with the law laid by the Division Bench of this Court in Centre of Earth Science Studies (supra), that S.8 (1)(e) deals with information available with the person in his fiduciary relationship with another; that information under this head is nothing but information in trust, which, but for the relationship would not have been conveyed or known to the person concerned.
Such written representation can be a full representation on facts and law (if any).
VIDARBHA CRICKET ASSOCIATION Vidarbha Cricket Association is the governing body of cricket activities in the Vidarbha region in Maharashtra state and Vidarbha cricket team.
Counterfeiting banknotes / using as genuine, forged or counterfeit banknotes / possession of forged or counterfeit banknote / making or possessing instruments or materials for forging or counterfeiting banknotes making or using documents resembling banknotes are offences under Sections 489A to 489E of the Indian Penal Code and are punishable in the Courts of Law by fine or imprisonment ranging from seven years to life imprisonment or both, depending on the offence.
We think the authorities show the husband had certain personal and exclusive rights with regard to the person of his wife which are interfered with and invaded by criminal conversation with her; ―In 1857, when marriage in England was still a union for life which could be broken only by private Act of Parliament, there existed side by side under the common law three distinct causes of action available to a husband whose rights in his wife were violated by a third party, who enticed her away, or who harboured her or who committed adultery with her.
It would thus be expedient, to analyse the evidence, oral and documentary before adverting to the rival arguments based thereon.
This aspect should be given appropriate publicity as part of enforcement of RERA.
But indicators of national health are not very encouraging.
As the above would show the question of “indigent circumstances , therefore has to be decided in each individual case after obtain- ing detailed information about all the relevant as- pects mentioned, so that employment on compassion- ate grounds is not given as matter of routine.
A8, the Pahani Patrika for the year 1972-73 and submitted that they would indicate that Methurama Reddy, the predecessor in title, was the Pattedar of Survey Nos.60 and 61 of Kakaguda village.
CONDUCT OF ARBITRAL PROCEEDINGS 13. The Commission notes that there are numerous provisions in the Act which deal with the conduct of arbitral proceedings, and these are set out in Chapter V of the Act.
It is inconceivable in law that the cross-examination should be deferred for such a long time.
The provisions of Section 34(1) clearly state that the RDB Act overrides other laws to the extent of “inconsistency .
We have reasons to do so.
Referring to the position expressed by this Court, learned counsel submitted, that the overarching principle for this Court, was to first keep in its mind, the exact nature of the amendment contemplated through the Constitution (99th .
Further it was stated that no construction was started after getting the above clearance, but only in the year 2002, by the time 1994 EIA Notification came into force, consequently, fresh environmental clearance had to be obtained.
The features named by individual judges in Kesavananda Bharti case were merely illustrations and were not intended to be exhaustive.
In drawing these inferences or presumptions, the Court must have regard to the common course of natural events, and to human conduct and their relations to the facts of the particular case.
The respondents shall make available students willing to take admission in the petitioner college through central counselling, in order of their merit.
We are concerned with four Criminal Appeals No.61 to 64 of 2007, out of which two Criminal Appeals No.61 of 2007 and 63 of 2007 relate to M/s Sasi Enterprises, a registered partnership firm, of which Ms. J. Jayalalitha and Mrs. N. Sasikala are partners, which relate to the assessment years 1991-92 and 1992-93 respectively.
However, the process of modernization of traditional madrasas and maktabs will be voluntary.
It was this tempo which was used by Ashwani Kumar as stated by PW-5 Jagdeep Singh and PW 6 Harjeet Singh.
The Second Schedule to the IRDA Act inserted s.30A in the 1.4.3 Life Insurance Corporation Act, 1956 whereby the exclusive privilege of LIC to carry on life insurance business in India was to cease.
CHAPTER-8 RECOMMENDATIONS In the light of the study made in earlier chapters on the mode of execution of death sentence and the responses which the Law Commission received to its Consultation Paper and Questionnaire, the Law Commission recommends as follows:- 1. More than 85% persons in their responses have favoured that section 354(5) of the Cr.PC 1973 is required to be amended for providing other mode of execution of death sentence and approx.
We hope that applications for grant of licence shall now be considered more objectively and with open mind so that there is no complete ban on staging dance performances at designated places prescribed in the Act.
We hope that applications for grant of licence shall now be considered more objectively and with open mind so that there is no complete ban on staging dance performances at designated places prescribed in the Act.
Under the scheme, at present, 10% subsidy in premium is available to small and marginal farmers.
We lag far behind many other countries in research and innovation.
The said provision deals with overriding effect of the Act.
An Advocate who has, at any time, advised in connection with the institution of a suit, appeal or other matter or has drawn pleadings, or acted for a party shall not act, appear or plead for the opposite party.
This method is helpful in two ways.
In fact, we are reminded of the age old infallible logic that what is good to one situation would hold to be equally good to another like situation.
Welfare Concerns No sanitation facilities were made available, and bulls were forced to stand together in the accumulated faeces and urine for hours.
Secondly, is the seat of the putative arbitration in London?
It was held that every applicant has a right to unconditionally withdraw his application and his unilateral act in that behalf is sufficient.
Though no one has a right to be appointed a judge either of the Supreme Court or a High Court, it does not mean that the President can decline to appoint a person as a judge without any rhyme or reason nor does it mean that the President can appoint any eligible person as a judge.
The appeal filed by the accused is disposed of on the above terms.
These not having been paid to them, there was a failure on the part of the Company to implement the said settlement and consequently the Company was guilty of the unfair labour practice specified in Item 9 of Schedule IV to the Maharashtra Act, and the Union was justified in filing the complaint under Section 28 of the Maharashtra Act complaining of such unfair labour practice.
The evidence on record also establishes that the accused had been persuading people, including the victims, to arrange for cash money and bring the same to them at Malvan or Kankavli so that the same can be multiplied.
The petitioner instead of satisfactorily explaining Shri Gajjar entering her chamber twice on 17.8.1993 has completely disowned and denied any such occurrence….. nor has the petitioner examined any witness to show that she was not in the chamber on the said day at 5 o’clock.
This writ petition was also dismissed along with other batch matters by the aforesaid common judgment.
We are absolutely conscious that the Parliament has the law making power.
The amendment to in the instant case has the effect of shifting the forum of trial of the accused from the Court of the Magistrate, First Class to the Court of Session.
The Economics expert has stated that Anuradha and the claimant were filing joint tax return.
The Economics expert has stated that Anuradha and the claimant were filing joint tax return.
It is in the interest of reserved category of candidates that more candidates take part in the selection process and best and most efficient of them get selected.
Possibly, in a given case, she could question the extent, that such injuries can be adequately compensated, by a monetary award.
Companies listed on the SME exchange will not be required to send a full annual report to their shareholders and also need not publish their financial results as required in the main stock exchange.
The five Judges Bench noticed various observations and directions passed in Ismail Faruqui’s case and ultimately had directed that interim order passed by this Court on 13.03.2002 as modified on 14.03.2002 should be operative until disposal of the suits in the High Court of Allahabad not only to maintain communal harmony but also to fulfil other objectives of the Act.
Since, the police have now submitted a charge sheet, Appellants have additionally filed amendment application seeking to incorporate prayer for quashing of charge sheet in addition to prayer for quashing of the FIR.
The provisions of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, 2012 (for short the ‘POCSO Act’) do not provide any definition of a child in need of care and protection.
After a partition is affected, if some of the properties are treated as common properties, it cannot be held that such properties continued to be joint properties, since there was a division of title, but such properties were not actually divided.
The petitioner has called into question an order dated 31 May 2017 of the Union government, prohibiting it from admitting students for the MBBS course during academic years 2017-18 and 2018-19 and authorizing Medical Council of India (‘MCI’) to encash a bank guarantee of Rs 2 crores.
On 07.08.1996, respondent No.1 got herself admitted in respondent No.2’s Hospital as an indoor patient.
The 20th National Youth Parliament Competition for Kendriya Vidyalayas was held and 90 Kendriya Vidyalayas participated.
Shri Gamlin made immense contribution towards the welfare of the people of the State of Arunachal Pradesh.
The President stated that as the nature and scope of the activities of the State changes, the role of its administration assumes greater importance.
Accepting the above, the petitioner's lawyer projects that now the petitioner will have to seek mutation of the property in his own name, and for this, the bank's cooperation may be necessary.
The world has well-nigh come to a position when trade and commerce cannot be run without control and some kind of direction by the Government.
In the facts before it since the date of election of the returned candidate was 28/11/1998, the election petition filed on 12/1/1999 on exclusion of the first day from computing the period of limitation, was held to be in time.
In the facts before it since the date of election of the returned candidate was 28/11/1998, the election petition filed on 12/1/1999 on exclusion of the first day from computing the period of limitation, was held to be in time.
DNA profiles are encrypted sets of numbers that reflect a person’s DNA makeup which, in forensics, is used to identify human beings.
Women then are expected to be chaste before and faithful during marriage.
The said candidates would not be entitled, for the purpose of the said selection, one grading higher than the grading otherwise assignable to them on the basis of their record of service.
The said candidates would not be entitled, for the purpose of the said selection, one grading higher than the grading otherwise assignable to them on the basis of their record of service.
During hearing of the appeal the State, in unison with the appellants, denied that there were enough materials to connect the appellants with any banned terrorist organization.
It is to be noted that in this case according to the medical evidence the shot had hit the head of the humerus that got punctured and the signs of the wound were medially towards inside and slightly towards below and it was from the right to left.
Be ready for roadblocks, criticisms, failures and successes. But continue to work with a fresh and positive mind.
We have enacted many legislations but, as Benjamin Franklin had once said, 'Justice will not be served until those who are unaffected are as outraged as those who are .
The creation of a restricted estate in favour of a female is legally permissible and will not operate in such a case.
The services which these assessees are rendering broadly fall in the following four categories: The High Court of Delhi has, by the judgment dated November 30, 2012, accepted the said challenge and declared Rule 5 to be ultra vires these provisions.
The existing criminal justice system, which was essentially designed to deal with individual offences/crimes, is unable to deal with the activities of the Mafia.
However, a view has been expressed that if an Ordinance is not at all laid before the Legislative Assembly then it cannot have the same force and effect as a law enacted and would be of no consequence whatsoever.
The rule similar to the one before us which provides that an Advocate must be a practising Advocate on the date of the submission of the application did not fall for consideration before the Hon'ble Supreme Court.
When goods enter the State it may be for consumption, use or sale.
In the circumstances, I am of the view that there is an alternate and efficacious remedy by way of an appeal under the R/w Procedure for recovery of tax.
Jallikattu causes bulls severe mental and physical anguish.
(7) No deduction under this section shall be allowed in respect of any assessment year commencing on or after the 1st day of April, 2018.
(7) No deduction under this section shall be allowed in respect of any assessment year commencing on or after the 1st day of April, 2018.
My Government has started major project for improving transmission and distribution system in the North Eastern States.
The High Court also directed the Federation to withdraw the strike immediately.
If a beneficial owner or a transferee of any security seeks to have custody of such security, the depository shall inform the issuer accordingly.
While the Law Commission appreciates the detailed suggestions given by the IISA, it realises that the issue involves a policy decision to be taken.
This was in view of the fact as to whether any agreed order could be passed or whether a decision would be invited on merits.
The acquired lands are nearer to the National highway.
Repelling the apprehension of bias in administrative action, the Courts have taken the view that in the case where a remote relationship existed, separated by six degrees, which was the foundation of challenge of selection to a post of clerk in the Gram Panchayat High School, the challenge was not sustainable.
They have also made the second large private sector investment in infrastructure amounting to Rs. 800,000/- crores despite the return on investment being only 1%.
Receipt of the contribution will be acknowledged by the receiving bank, and the donation sent to the Fund account for deposit.
He acts under a constitutional power, the nature of which is entirely different from the judicial power and cannot be regarded as an extension of it.
This is in a situation where no overt act of cruelty or harassment is alleged to have been committed by the husband at the parental home where the wife had taken shelter.
If it is ignored, then the termination of the contract and the forfeiture of earnest money are completely in order as the appellant was in breach.
If it is ignored, then the termination of the contract and the forfeiture of earnest money are completely in order as the appellant was in breach.
PW5 Dr. Dinesh Kumar examined the injured PW11 Dagadu and found 10 injuries which included eight incised wounds, two injuries on Gopinath Mahadev Koyale, one contused wound on PW18 Chaturbhuj Khade, three injuries on Murlidhar Yeshu Kshirsagar.
It is in this background that the constitutional challenge to the will have to be decided.
On 03.03.2017, the respondent No. 1 debtor appeared before the Adjudicating Authority and sought liberty to raise its objections qua the maintainability of the application.
Supreme Court and House of Lords accept that prejudicial publications may affect Judges subconsciously: The Supreme Court and the House of Lords have, as pointed out in Chapter HI of our Report, observed that publications which are prejudicial to a suspect or accused may affect Judges also subconsciously. This can be at the stage of granting or refusing bail or at the trial.
The definition includes a person who comes into possession of land belonging to another and makes improvements in the bona fide belief that he is entitled to make those improvements.
Political justice is one of the fronts in which we can look back with a degree of satisfaction.
It is suggested that a Committee should be constituted to take appropriate steps against the erring officials.
The President expressed confidence that the deliberations in the Conference would explore ways and means of fostering a healthy and sustainable culture of international arbitration and conciliation.
Many other species of mammals are remarkable for their beauty, colouring, grace and uniqueness. Several birds, like pheasants, geese, ducks, mynahs, parakeets, pigeons, cranes, hornbills and sun birds inhabit forests and wetlands.
As regards the powers and functions of the IRDA, the Consultation Paper dealt with the proposal for change in the law in two parts.
In this view of the matter, we uphold the preliminary objection of the learned Counsel for the respondent and direct the Principal Registrar to remit this case back to Hon'ble Delhi High Court to decide the matter in accordance with law.
Considering the seriousness of the matter and in the light of various orders passed by this Court, the Writ Petition is disposed of with the following directions and observations:- i. Union of India and the State Governments shall take appropriate steps to implement Food Safety and , 2006 in a more effective manner.
The purpose of the above narration is to indicate that the expression “State  is by itself not conclusive of whether a particular provision of the Constitution would apply to Union Territories.
The human being and human rights underlie this substantive perception of the rule of law, with a proper balance among the different rights and between human rights and the proper needs of society.
The human being and human rights underlie this substantive perception of the rule of law, with a proper balance among the different rights and between human rights and the proper needs of society.
I do not want to say anything else.
Sans unnecessary details, the prosecution case is that the deceased, Karemma, was the wife of Mallinath, son of Ningawwa.
But once that hurdle is crossed, construe it liberally .
The reasons given by the Delhi High Court are unconvincing.
We have also been taken through the statements of certain witnesses specially the statement of the prosecutrix Poomari (PW1), and that of Dr. K.P.Santhakumari (PW14), i.e., the doctor who subjected the prosecutrix Poomari (PW1) to medical examination.
Babu Ram[5] and Vibha[6].
The Reference Court after framing necessary issues, taking into consideration the evidence and hearing the parties enhanced the amount of compensation of land from Rs.1,80,000/- to Rs.19,76,000/- and that of trees from Rs.1,05,155.50 to Rs.4,00,000/-.
This process of renewal of permission will continue till such time the establishment of the Medical College and expansion of the hospital facilities are completed and a formal recognition of the Medical College is granted.
Credit for tax deducted.
The Principal Accounts Office (PrAO), Pay & Accounts Office (PAO) / Cheque Drawing & Disbursing Office (CDDO) and the DDO (Drawing & Disbursing Office) or any other office designated by Central Government need to submit Forms – N1, N2 and N3, respectively for registration with CRA.
Definitions. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires, - (a) “contempt of court  means civil contempt or criminal contempt; (b) “civil contempt  means wilful disobedience to any judgment, decree, direction, order, writ or other process of a court or wilful breach of an undertaking given to a court; (c) “criminal contempt  means the publication (whether by words, spoken or written, or by signs, or by visible representation, or otherwise) of any matter or the doing of any other act whatsoever which - (i) scandalises or tends to scandalise, or lowers or tends to lower the authority of, any court; or (ii) prejudices, or interferes or tends to interfere with, the due course of any judicial proceeding; or 15 (iii) interferes or tends to interfere with, or obstructs or tends to obstruct, the administration of justice in any other manner; 2.22 A disorderly conduct of a contemnor that causes serious damage to the institution of justice administration amounts to contempt.
Shri Jyotiraditya M Scindia, Minister of State for Power (Independent Charge), Shri P Uma Shankar, Secretary, Ministry of Power and Smt. Jyoti Arora, Director General, Bureau of Energy Efficiency were also present on the occasion.
If this were not so, anomalous results would follow.
Within the extended time, the Committee submitted its report on 29.9.2015 along with certain maps in a sealed cover.
The Cook County, Illinois Court having personal and subject matter jurisdiction over the parties and matter.
However, there are several concerns with the remainder of the provision.
B. It is alleged by the appellant that the father of the parties had only at a later point of time realised that the House No. 23 which was given to the daughter, ought to have been given to him and House No. 22 to the daughter.
However, if un booked or partially booked luggage is detected more than the free allowance of then luggage but within the marginal allowance, it is charged at 1. 5 times the luggage scale rate.
It reduces the risks in a number of ways as the activities can be expanded with smaller investment outlays than if financed independently.
It stems from an anxiety to avoid prolonged litigation and unnecessary controversies.
IFC was set up to assist the private undertakings without the guarantee of the member countries.
Dandin, the great Sanskrit scholar, lived in his court.
It is settled law that a contract of indemnity and/ or guarantee is an independent and separate contract from the main contract.
Before the Land Tribunal, the 2nd respondent produced xerox copy of the Form No.7 on 27th November, 1993, claiming to be the one sent by him by post.
It requires to be overruled and we do so.
It requires to be overruled and we do so.
He also served as an Advisor in the rank of Permanent Secretary to the Minister of Commerce and Industry in GOI.
In addition to conviction, the court may order the accused to pay some amount by way of compensation to victim who has suffered by the action of accused.
Any other view contrary to the above view would amount to violating integrity of an approved Scheme.
The appellant/claimant in this appeal has identified himself as a cleaner of lorries by profession.
He has also written best selling fiction.
PW-1 and PW-3 went to P.P. Dharampur and informed them about missing of Meena Devi.
Therefore, the exemption notification must be interpreted as in force in both the States i.e. the reorganised State of Madhya Pradesh and the new State of Chhattisgarh as if the unified State of Madhya Pradesh had not been bifurcated.
The problem of backlogs is compounded by the fact that in some states, Courts are unable to even keep pace with the new filings, thus adding to the already huge backlog.
Mr Patwalia submits that the long title to the 2004 indicates that the law was enacted to provide for reservation and “for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto .
The report of the Chemical Analyzer confirms the presence of the highly explosive RDX (Cyclonite) on the shirt recovered by the police party at the instance of the appellant (A-12).
According to PW4 and PW5, nothing was recovered from the appellant Govindaraju.
It is necessary to distinguish dismissal of appeals in instances where steps have been taken by the Court for securing the presence of the Appellant by coercive means, including the issuance of non-bailable warrants or initiation of proceedings for declaring the Appellant a proclaimed offender by recourse to Part C of Chapter VI of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 ( for short) on the one hand, and those where the Appellant may incidentally and unwittingly be absent when his appeal is called on for hearing.
This is how the concept of the rarest of rare cases has emerged in law.
If he denies having made that part of the statement, his attention must be drawn to that statement and must be mentioned in the deposition.
If he denies having made that part of the statement, his attention must be drawn to that statement and must be mentioned in the deposition.
Superior Courts while exercising this power should also strive to serve the ends of justice.
The pain may be in the front of the chest or behind the breastbone.
All types of data preparation and validation including alpha-numeric data entry, graphic data entry, voice-entry, optical entry etc., and associated verification, and pre-programmed validation, text processing etc., on any type of machines/equipment/instrument endowed with facilities for data entry and/or preparation for data entry and/or pre-programmed validation of entered data including key punching machine, key to magnetic media machine, key to optical media machine, any type of computer/EDP equipment, any computer based equipment/computer based instrument/computer based online or real time systems/computer network based systems.
In terms of their functions, Standing Committees may be classified into two categories.
Another major and upcoming service industry has been media and entertainment.
She is a sympathizer of CPI (Maoist) party.
Prasad, Judge A.P. High Court has suggested that such civil proceedings be conducted in camera.
Sub-section (1) of recognizes the status of Maharshi Mahesh Yogi as its first Chancellor, who was entitled to hold office during his lifetime.
MHA may therefore like to see the case and convey approval of Competent Authority to take the above actions.
Those provisions may indeed have to be strengthened further.
The infrastructure includes 2, 138 telephone exchanges with an installed capacity of 4. 6 million lines.
Therefore, all the decisions hereinabove noted by us referred to Grindlays (supra).
Consequently, the arrangement of adjusting 31 shopkeepers out of 56 batch did not fructify.
These receipts showed calls being made to mobile No. 9896001906 which belongs to A5 Sonu.
The deceased was 36 years of age at the time of the accident.
The further submission is that the formulation of the scheme and other procedural ancillaries do not confer any greater status on the authorities coming into existence under the scheme.
The further submission is that the formulation of the scheme and other procedural ancillaries do not confer any greater status on the authorities coming into existence under the scheme.
Though the amount due have been paid the same is under a private settlement between the parties unlike in Nikhil Merchant (supra) and Narendra Lal Jain (supra) where the compromise was a part of the decree of the Court.
The Union of India has in its compliance affidavit noted the suggestions on guidelines issued by the High Court, Telangana State Government, different associations, individuals and proposed guidelines of Department of Personnel and Training.
Review the status of the implementation of the guidelines and advisories issued by MHA to the States and UTs.
The meetings, emails, and letters between the parties have now to be examined.
The High Court further held that even though the respondent- employee had not pleaded or produced any evidence that after dismissal from service, he was not gainfully employed, back wages cannot be denied to him.
Jurisdiction under this section has to be exercised to prevent abuse of the process of any court or otherwise to secure the ends of justice.
Replace tubing every 2 years if not earlier.
In her written statement the Defendant stated that she had repeatedly asked the Plaintiffs to take back the money together with the interest.
Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DEIT) strengthens itself and various institutions like National Informatics Centre (NIC), Standardization, Testing and Quality Certification (STQC), Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (C - DAC), National Institute for Smart Governance (NISG) etc., to play these roles effectively.
There is as yet no strong evidence that this new learning environment fosters improved learning outcomes. What does exist are qualitative data based on observations and analysis of student and teacher perceptions that suggest a positive impact on learning.
However, we are of the opinion that the accused knew that the injury inflicted by them is likely to cause death.
Atma Ram was residing on the first floor of the same hospital.
Members have a right to ask questions to elicit information on matters of public importance within the special cognizance of the Ministers concerned.
Ishwarlal Jawaharlal Baheti lives in Nilanga, District Latur where he runs a shop called Amrit General Stores.
An investigating officer who was found to be concocting false evidence framing an accused for murder — was found to be guilty under section 194, IPC.
With respect to the issue of miscarriage of justice resulting in wrongful prosecution, the next important section is 211, IPC.
She has also specifically stated that she on her own sweet will solemnized her marriage with Subhash (son of the petitioner) on account of love and affection with each other and they are living together as husband and wife and leading happy matrimonial life.
The decision in Jena case taking a contraview does not lay down the correct position and stands overruled, prospectively, which means that this decision shall not entitle any party nor shall it empower any court to reopen proceedings which have already become final, and apply only to any pending proceedings.
They had informed the police about this fact while lodging the FIR.
It is associated with mental cruelty that can drive a woman to commit suicide and dependent upon the conduct of the person concerned.
Moreover, in addition to this requirement, the insurer has to establish that this non-disclosure or, as the case may be, the submission of inaccurate or false information was fraudulently made and that the policy holder while making it knew of the falsity of the statement or of the suppression of facts which were material to disclose.
Moreover, in addition to this requirement, the insurer has to establish that this non-disclosure or, as the case may be, the submission of inaccurate or false information was fraudulently made and that the policy holder while making it knew of the falsity of the statement or of the suppression of facts which were material to disclose.
Dissatisfied with the orders passed by the High Court, the employees of the school approached this Court.
This decision will have no application to the present case.
Details of current status of affiliation, programme wise has to be submitted.
This Chapter is, in fact, intended to educate the media and the public that what is going on at present in the media may indeed be highly objectionable.
Several Belarusians have studied Indian classical dance and some of them have started offering lessons to others.
The Notification dated 14.09.2006 directed that the required construction of new projects or activities or the expansion or modernization of existing projects or activities listed in the Schedule to the Notification entailing capacity addition with change in process and or technology would be undertaken only after prior Environmental Clearance from the Central Government or as the case may be by the State Level Environment Impact Assessment Authority.
To, Shri Sudhir Shrivastava, Special Secretary, Governor Secretariat, Governor House, Patna.
It may, however, be pointed out that this Court was never intended to be a regular court of appeal against orders made by the High Court or the sessions court or the Magistrates.
That portion of Section 57 of the Aadhaar Act which enables body corporate and individual to seek authentication is held to be unconstitutional.
High Court held that in the record operation, there being order passed by Assistant Record Officer in the year 1961 directing the deletion of entry in the name of Amar Singh, no right can be claimed by Amar Singh on the basis of such possession entry.
At the same time, all other areas of government (the ‘reserved list’) remained under the control of the Viceroy.
Under clause D18.4, parties must attempt to agree upon a time-table for the trial, providing for oral submissions, witnesses of fact and expert evidence.
India is a Federation and the sovereign power of the State cannot be subjected to an implied control.
This Court also drew attention to its earlier order of 12 th December, 1996 and the fact that the State of Haryana had been seeking permission of the Central Government to divert such closed land for non-forestry purposes.
An avid filmgoer since boyhood, Shri Ray has written extensively on good cinema in various newspapers and journals, including Sight and Sound. London, Dictionary of Film and Film - Makers, Chicago.
We have also noticed what happens if there is provisional assessment.
Another purpose in curbing anti-competitive agreements is to ensure “level playing field  for all market players that helps markets to be competitive.
Regard being had to the special features of the case and taking note of the fact that the assessee-1st respondent had already deposited the amount in pursuance of the order of this Court and regard being had to the nature of litigation, we direct that the 1st respondent-assessee shall pay 12% interest per annum and the said amount shall be deposited with the competent authority of the revenue within three months hence.
Proposed well should be located in white watershed area. It should not be in dark watershed area.
None of the prosecution witnesses including the Investigating Officer, stated anything as to how and wherefrom the said knife (Ex.2b) was recovered and kept with the boiler suit in the same cardboard box.
This has often resulted in occurrence of flood in some areas and drought in others.
In any event nothing has been shown as to any prejudice caused to the appellants on the ground of alleged delay in sending a copy of FIR to the Magistrate.
In any event nothing has been shown as to any prejudice caused to the appellants on the ground of alleged delay in sending a copy of FIR to the Magistrate.
It is submitted that given the architecture of the Aadhaar Act, there are no such possibilities and in any event, submission based on imaginary possibility do not provide any basis for questioning the validity of Aadhaar Act.
The President said long-term peace and stability of a united Nepal is India’s interest. India will work with Nepal towards this common goal.
The appellants have filed writ petition bearing CWP No.619 of 2016 before the High Court of Delhi seeking quashing of the said FIR which is sub judice.
These findings of the Madras High Court would indicate that virtually everyone of the submission which was urged before this Court have been negatived.
As per the provisions of IRDA Act, 1999, Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) was established on 19th April 2000 to protect the interests of holder of insurance policy and to regulate, promote and ensure orderly growth of the insurance industry.
The Constitution of AAI shows each State Association has been given representation of three delegates in the General Council i.e. one representative over and above the minimum of two representatives.
Here again, there is no explanation for the delay of seven months in sending those documents.
Case at serial no.17 was a transfer case in the category of Refund cases and as such would be governed by principle (b) as stated hereabove.
From the issuance of notice alone to the respondents under Section 29 of KIAD Act, it cannot be said that respondents had agreed to the compensation.
Most cases of child marriage are not being reported and/or being ignored by the police and government authorities.
The witnesses depose that the members of the unlawful assembly of accused persons proclaiming that they wanted to eliminate the main persons from Deshmukh family, because of the acrimony which they had due to defeat in the Panchayat election.
But where a law creating an offence is found to be offensive to fundamental rights, such a law is not immune to challenge.
On the facts of the present case, it is clear that the amount of tip paid by the employer to the employees has no reference to the contract of employment at all.
However, if the court is of the view that the production of a witness for cross-examination has been desired by a party bona fide and that such a witness can be produced, an order shall not be made authorising the evidence of the witness to be given by affidavit.
However, if the court is of the view that the production of a witness for cross-examination has been desired by a party bona fide and that such a witness can be produced, an order shall not be made authorising the evidence of the witness to be given by affidavit.
I would like to, first of all, congratulate the All India Ayurveda Mahasammelan and Vidyapeeth for organising this 58th All India Convention on Ayurveda and providing an important forum for the experts in this field to exchange views, deliberate on the modern application of this ancient science and collectively address the task of promoting its use.
While concluding his submissions, learned senior counsel also affirmed, that he would file an affidavit on behalf of the AIMPLB.
Before the Arbitrator, the petitioner examined three witnesses.
We, ourselves after going through the evidence relied on by the courts below for convicting the accused, are of the opinion that the prosecution has successfully proved beyond reasonable doubt that it was accused who had caused homicidal death of the deceased.
Clause (c) again provides for impossibility when the sole acquirer, being a natural person, has died.
It’s refreshing tea leaves are world famous.
The Supreme Court by a majority held that “procedure established by law  means any procedure established by law made by Parliament or the legislatures of the State.
To this plea a replication was filed, that the words were spoken falsely and maliciously, and without any reasonable, probable, or justifiable cause, and without any foundation whatever, and not bon a fide in the discharge of the defendant's duty as judge, and were wholly irrelevant to the matter before him.
The Judge must protect this rich concept of the rule of law.
The crown is the part of the tooth you can see, and the root is hidden below your gums.
It was submitted that in the post-mortem certificate (Ex.P-52), Dr. Rohit Kumar (PW-1) has stated that there were puncture wounds but it is not clear as to whether those wounds were caused by rifle or by gun.
It was submitted that in the post-mortem certificate (Ex.P-52), Dr. Rohit Kumar (PW-1) has stated that there were puncture wounds but it is not clear as to whether those wounds were caused by rifle or by gun.
In view of these submissions, on 9-1-2007, this Court made an order reserving liberty to the Union Government to mention the matter for listing after the appropriate amendments were made in the Act.
A licence is a written permission from the Government to an industrial undertaking to manufacture specified articles included in the Schedule to the Act.
He had not executed the sale deed for payment of land revenue as its recital is otherwise which would prevail.
However, we may hasten to clarify that it is not the issue involved in the present case.
Some of the initiatives by state governments are listed below.
The Schedule to the said Notification, it was highlighted, included the and the rules framed thereunder.
The said judgment was called in question in a Single Appeal by the appellant and his late brother.
The President said that just as good prevails over evil in the Ramayana - and Gandhiji’s words 'Satyamev Jayete  remind us that truth alone triumphs, Moilyji’s epic brings to us such ageless values as compassion, self correction and discipline in thought and deed.
And, there is no evidence that her condition improved or deteriorated.
The insolent man who came to deliver my fridge at 9: 00 pm in the night instead of at 2: 00 in the afternoon angrily told me to ask the shopkeeper why delivery was so late as he himself had not made any promise to come sooner.
The mere idea with regard to facing legal consequences would put a husband under tremendous stress.
It also involved the procurement of meritorious candidates/persons, who would assist them, in answering the questions (in the Pre-Medical Test).
The High Court before directing to give regular pay-scale to the respondent w.e.f.
It continues its role as a reinsurance facilitator by managing marine hull pool and terrorism pool on behalf of India Insurance industry.
The interior of the mausoleum comprises a lofty central chamber, a crypt immediately below this and four octagonal corner rooms originally intended to house the graves of other royal family members.
In the facts of this case, it is not possible for us to dismiss this evidence as omnibus evidence.
The Investigating Officer of this case Shri V.K. Pandey, will show the documents and also explain the evidence as and when required.
When the cover note incorporates the policy in this manner, it does not have to recite the term and conditions, but merely to refer to a particular standard policy.
It is a basic principle of republicanism.
It is a basic principle of republicanism.
She was subjected to unnatural offence and rape.
Learned counsel for the appellant submits that High Court did not correctly interpret Section 17 of the Code of Civil Procedure.
In case any witness asks for protection, the State of Karnataka shall provide protection to that witness.
Venkata Reddy however introduced an entirely new dimension to the ‘force and effect’ of an Ordinance by extending the ‘enduring nature’ theory of Bhupendra Kumar Bose and introducing the ‘irreversible effect’ theory.
The other inhabitants of this sanctuary are magar (crocodile) and gharial (alligator), chinkara, sambar, nilgai, wolf and wild boar.
The service such as the one for which the rate had been demanded was a service rendered to the consignee and not to the steamer agent.
Only valid ticket holders for an Outward / Inward journey are eligible to apply for the use of retiring rooms and dormitory beds.
In view of the aforesaid discussion, the present appeals are partly allowed.
The learned Single Judge of the High Court, vide order dated 22.05.2012, dismissed the writ petition on the ground that appointment of respondent No.1 is contrary to the statutory provisions as he did not possess the relevant experience certificates.
On 10th October, 1994, at about 06:30 a.m., A-1 to A-6 in pursuance of the conspiracy hatched amongst them, went to the house of one Rajagopalan (since deceased), who was President of Hindu Munnani Association, with a motive to kill him.
This last contravention must be understood with a caveat.
This last contravention must be understood with a caveat.
Two principal forms of the Constitution are known to history-one is called Unitary and other Federal.
W3C India Office is apex body of W3C activities in India and would act as Single Window for Bi - directional communication between Stake holders and W3C Consortium.
One of the results of the superior, elitist approach is that the question of reservation is invariably viewed as the conflict between the meritarian principle and the compensatory principle.
He referred to the 18th Report presented to the Rajya Sabha on 15th March, 2007 by the Department-Related Parliamentary Standing Committee On Personnel, Public Grievances, Law And Justice on Electoral Reforms (Disqualification Of Persons From Contesting Elections On Framing Of Charges Against Them For Certain Offences).
It shows that the rapidly increasing demand for telecom services like basic telephone services, cellular, radio paging, value - added services, internet and global mobile communication by satellite (GMPCS) services, unfolds immense opportunities to potential investors in the sector.
The author records that in Indiana, one million applications for health care, food stamps, and cash benefits in three years were denied, because a new authentication system interpreted any application mistake as “failure to cooperate .
When the State acquired the land and has drawn memorandum of taking possession that in the way the State take possession of large chunk of property acquired as State is not going to put other persons in possession or its police force or going to cultivate it or start residing or physically occupy it after displacing who were physically in possession as in the case of certain private persons, in case they re-enter in possession of open land, start cultivation or residing in the house.
When the State acquired the land and has drawn memorandum of taking possession that in the way the State take possession of large chunk of property acquired as State is not going to put other persons in possession or its police force or going to cultivate it or start residing or physically occupy it after displacing who were physically in possession as in the case of certain private persons, in case they re-enter in possession of open land, start cultivation or residing in the house.
The expression “Civil Judge having jurisdiction  will obviously mean the Civil Judge who has jurisdiction to grant the other reliefs: decree for arrears of rent, decree for recovery of arrears of proportionate and enhanced municipal taxes, a decree for mesne profits and a decree for permanent injunction claimed in the suit.
On a correct construction of , according to the learned senior counsel, the second part of takes within its sweep both arbitral proceedings as well as Court proceedings in relation thereto and would, therefore, apply to arbitral proceedings as well as Court proceedings in relation thereto, which have commenced after the came into force.
All these decisions are Constitution Bench decisions.
At this stage, it would be proper to make a reference to a recent decision of a Division Bench of this Court in Shiksha Prasar Samiti.
In the instant case the advocate has acted contrary to the obligations.
There is no doubt that if the principles of natural Justice are violated and there is a gross case, this Court would interfere by striking down the order of dismissal; but there are cases and cases.
The respondent-wife appears to be very keen to go back to the matrimonial home and start life afresh, but the appellant-husband is adamant.
The subleases have been created.
The most normal consequence thereafter should have been to order a fresh trial, but such a course of action after a lapse of 26 years of the occurrence of the crime, in our opinion, would not serve any useful purpose because as already indicated some of the accused have died in the interregnum.
There is no material on record to show that the appellant as a broker knew that the trades were fictitious or that the buyer and the seller were the same persons.
Aruldoss, Intelligence officer.
Obviously, the erstwhile Asansol Municipal town had grown into a vast service city from the industrial as well as mining point of view.
The risk covered in this policy was to the tune of Rs.2,21,153/-.
In a somewhat similar manner, it has been attributed to word “course  the meaning of being a gradual and continuous flow advanced by journey or passage from one place to another with reference to period of time when the movement is in progress.
Further, we have pointed out that the Constitution uses the word “Impeachment  only in the case of President of India while it uses the words “by a resolution  so far as the Vice-President, Deputy Chairman of the Council of States and Speaker of the House of Representatives are concerned.
Drink water that is stored in earthenware pots.
Dr. Rajiv Dhawan, learned senior counsel appearing for the State of U.P. assures this Court that necessary steps will be provided by tomorrow, i.e., 13th December, 2013 onwards.
It however held that the plaintiffs had made out a case for grant of relief based on easementary right of passage, in respect of the suit property, as they had claimed in the plaint that they and their vendor had been using the suit property and the first defendant and DW 6 had admitted such user.
It however held that the plaintiffs had made out a case for grant of relief based on easementary right of passage, in respect of the suit property, as they had claimed in the plaint that they and their vendor had been using the suit property and the first defendant and DW 6 had admitted such user.
Since the arbitration was to be governed by Part I of the 1996 Act, the Tribunal would have complete authority over all issues, including the validity of its constitution.
His Majesty played a central role in shaping modern Thailand and in consolidating its relations with friendly nations around the world.
It implies the power to rule, direct and control, and involves the adoption of a rule or guiding principle to be followed, or the making of a rule with respect to the subject to be regulated.
The advancement of loans etc. to its employees being the internal matter of the insurance company, some relaxation in this regard would be appropriate.
It is necessary to state here that if there are two contracts, namely, purchase of the components of the lift from a dealer, it would be a contract for sale and similarly, if separate contract is entered into for installation, that would be a contract for labour and service.
Consequently, on the express language of this clause, there is no prohibition which could be culled out against the respondent contractor that he could not raise the claim for interest by way of damages before the arbitrator on the relevant items placed for adjudication.
Under , both pre and post amendment, such award shall be “enforced  in accordance with the provisions of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908, in the same manner as if it were a decree of the Court.
IV under of Arbitration and , 1996 (hereinafter referred to as Act) on 09.05.2014, praying to pass an order referring the parties to the arbitration for adjudication of the disputes raised by the Plaintiff in the Suit.
Mr. Gupta contended that the right of minority institutions to admit students was not being denied, inasmuch as, the concerned institutes could admit students of their own community, but from the list of successful candidates who appear for the NEET.
In 1985 it was declared a world heritage site.
The society and the committee are under obligation to grant membership to the applicant within a period of 30 days and if the society have assigned reasons to refuse, the remedy lies with the applicant to file appeal to the Registrar.
The society and the committee are under obligation to grant membership to the applicant within a period of 30 days and if the society have assigned reasons to refuse, the remedy lies with the applicant to file appeal to the Registrar.
MH- 05-TC 16 and left the place on the pretext of offering namaz at ‘Juma Masjid’.
The Executive Committee was further covered by the statute framed by the Agra University.
If so, what is the composition of the Committee.
Mr. Parekh further pointed out that a mere perusal of the charges which have been admitted by the appellant would clearly show that the punishment is not only justified but in fact rather lenient.
Mr. Parekh further pointed out that a mere perusal of the charges which have been admitted by the appellant would clearly show that the punishment is not only justified but in fact rather lenient.
During the course of investigation the police recorded statements of various witnesses.
During the loading, at the relevant time, Sarfaraz Phanse (A-55) and Khalil Nazir (A-42) were keeping watch while on a motor cycle.
Muslims have suffered heavy losses.
It also formulates and implements policies and programmes for achieving growth and development of chemicals, petro - chemical and pharmaceuticals in the country.
But even if it is so, the statutory procedure laid down by Parliament in its wisdom for enabling the challenge to the adjudication order of the Collector of Customs by way of appeals or revisions as per the aforesaid relevant statutory provisions, to which we have made a mention, has got to be followed in such an eventuality.
But where such person does not come forward or where it is not possible to refund the amount to him for one or the other reason, it is just and appropriate that amount is retained by the State, that is, by the people.
It has now become a matter of routine that as and when an application for maintenance is filed, the non-applicant becomes poor displaying that he is not residing with the family members if they have a good business and movable and immovable properties in order to avoid payment of maintenance.
He also stated that Bahadur was present when Imran Afreen shot Lalit Mohan Rai.
The absence of such a provision in cannot be regarded as a matter of no constitutional significance.
In 1952, he became the Chief Minister of Bombay.
Your Institute, which was set up alongside BHEL, was one of them.
The disbursement of subsidies, benefits and services from the Consolidated Fund of India is in substance, the main object of the Act for which Aadhaar architecture has been envisaged and other provisions are only to give effect to the above main theme of the Act.
India is among the few countries in the world to develop TSA.
High Court after hearing all the parties by the impugned order dated 22.11.2018 upheld the preliminary objection about the maintainability of the writ petitions and the writ petitions have been dismissed as not maintainable.
The High Court was of the opinion that reconciliation of the account had proved that the appellant had received payment twice over for the supplies made by it and that merely because the excess payment received had been subsequently refunded by the appellant did not obliterate the act of misconduct and fraud.
The High Court was of the opinion that reconciliation of the account had proved that the appellant had received payment twice over for the supplies made by it and that merely because the excess payment received had been subsequently refunded by the appellant did not obliterate the act of misconduct and fraud.
The defendants are also contesting the suit by filing a written statement.
Facts of the case need mention, in brief, infra to appreciate the controversy involved in the appeals.
The State Government is making all efforts to leverage the benefits of IT for improving the quality of life of the people.
The said petition was opposed by the appellant contending that the office memorandum dated 19.08.1998 was not applicable to the respondent, and that the clarification given by the Indian Newspaper Society has no legal validity; the effect of the Act of Parliament i.e., ESI Act cannot be superseded by the office memorandum issued by the department; that under Section 2(22) of the ESI Act, all remuneration is wages except the categories mentioned in clauses (a) to (d) of Section 2(22) of the ESI Act, and that interim relief does not come within the excluded parts of clauses (a) to (d).
In the absence of any rule on this aspect in the first instance, this does not amount to changing the “rules of the game .
Many patients could not tell the exact date of admission and looked up to either staff nurse or Medical Superintendent or the Doctor or accompanying the assessor.
PP has argued that prosecution has proved its case beyond reasonable doubt.
And, if he gets the refund, he would be unjustly enriched.
Assuming, it has been in vogue for quite some time, in our view, the same should give way to the welfare legislation, like the which has been enacted to prevent infliction of unnecessary pain or suffering on animals and confer duties and obligations on persons in-charge of animals.
It is not easy to lodge a complaint of this nature exposing prosecutrix to the risk of social stigma which unfortunately still prevails in our society.
In SEZ Scheme the exemption from income tax is tapered down over 15 years from the date of commencement of manufacture.
The President said that education implies not just collection but assimilation of information to transform it into knowledge.
In this case, the appellants were proprietors of the clubs who were charged with keeping a disorderly house, which arose out of matters that occurred in course of strip tease performances.
People change and an individual should be able to determine the path of his life and not be stuck only on a path of which he/she treaded initially.
In his message toHis ExcellencyMr. Idriss Deby Itno, the President of the Republic of Chad, the President has said, 'On behalf of the Government, the people of India and on my own behalf, it gives me great pleasure to extend warm greetings and felicitations to you and to the people of the Republic of Chad on the occasion of your Independence Day.
They possess exceptional organising, coordinating skills to manage a corporate undertaking.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has extended his greetings and felicitations to the Emir and people ofthe State of Qataron the eve of the Anniversary of Accession ofHis Highness Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani, The Emir of the State of Qatar(June 25, 2015).
Pal Singh deceased son of Narain Singh.
This is clear from the expression “in addition to passengers  as contained in the definition of “goods vehicle  in the old Act.
We shall now state the conclusions drawn by us after applying the above principles.
The appellants contended that the claims were therefore barred by limitation.
A statute is an edict of the legislature.
This requires us to consider the phrase “express exclusion  in Section 29(2) of the Limitation Act.
The sub Court finds that there is no evidence produced before the arbitrator to show that he purchased food grains from the open market and supplied those food grains to the labourers at the subsidized rates.
Rule 101 stipulates that all questions “arising between the parties to a proceeding on an application under Rule 97 or Rule 99  shall be determined by the executing court, if such questions are “relevant to the adjudication of the application .
The duties are more elaborate, as under Section 11(1) of the RERA the promoter has to create his web page on the website of the Authority and enter all details of the proposed project as provided under sub-section (2) of , in all the fields as provided, for public viewing.
Having regard to the various communications between the Principal and the University and also the education authorities and the facts of the case, in our view, the appointment of the appellant cannot be termed to be illegal, but it can only be termed as irregular.
Having regard to the various communications between the Principal and the University and also the education authorities and the facts of the case, in our view, the appointment of the appellant cannot be termed to be illegal, but it can only be termed as irregular.
At this stage, it should be mentioned that Maharashtra employs the annewari system where the cut-off is 50 paise crop yield for declaring a drought or a drought-like situation.
The distinctive feature of the section is the element of participation in action.
Under the Deen Dayal Antyodaya Yojana, which aims to empower women, particularly from the deprived sections, over Rs. Sixteen Thousand crore have been made available to Self Help Groups in the current Financial Year.
It is submitted that the State’s financial difficulty/constraint cannot be a ground to discriminate and/or create two classes who as such belong to one class only.
Seniority is to be given weight only when merit and ability are approximately equal.
Had these currency declaration forms been with Shri Jatin Jhaveri then in the normal course, they should have been found along with the foreign currency only and these receipts should have been recovered during the search of the office/residential premises of Shri Jatin Jhaveri.
The legal position is well-settled that when a prosecution at the initial stage is asked to be quashed, the test to be applied by the court is as to whether the uncontroverted allegations as made prima facie establish the offence.
The legal position is well-settled that when a prosecution at the initial stage is asked to be quashed, the test to be applied by the court is as to whether the uncontroverted allegations as made prima facie establish the offence.
The same cannot be treated as a fresh direction issued in the contempt petitions to the respondents as we have indicated the purport of the operative portion of the judgments and orders of the High Court as well as this Court.
They are in operation for almost 9 years.
State of Haryana & Ors. was made the lead case.
His letter pointed out, that similar threats were also allegedly extended to members of their families.
Needless to add that material in the confession also denotes of affairs of the said House being managed by her after the death of her brother.
If the sum insured is less than the amount required to be insured as per Provision-I herein above, the Company will pay only in such proportion as the sum insured bears to the amount required to be insured.
A State Government was entitled to initiate appropriate proposals for modification in cases where it was satisfied that modifications were necessary and, if after appropriate enquiry, the authorities were satisfied that a modification was required, an amendment could be undertaken as provided by the Constitution.
As a result, a large number of investors have entered into the various sectors of the economy.
Inasmuch as such offences will have a serious impact on the society at large, it runs beyond our comprehension to state that after the commission of such offence the parties involved have reached a settlement and, therefore, such settlement can be given a seal of approval by the Judicial Forum.
Due to the same, I was required to take medicines and so also shock treatment.
Plea by contemnor a practicing lawyer that he was misguided by another advocate is an afterthought.
Sharma case [(1954) SCR 1077] therefore, Page No.# 9/20 did not decide anything to the contrary of what this Court said in Mohamed Dastagir v. State of Madras [(1960) 3 SCR 116].
On the other hand, this Court, in Sharma case [(1954) SCR 1077] held that the protection under Article 20(3) of the Constitution is available to a person against whom a formal accusation had been levelled, inasmuch as a First Information Report had been lodged against him.
In this connection the question was raised before us that in order to bring the case within the prohibition of clause (3) of Article 20, it is not necessary that the statement should have been made by the accused person at a time when he fulfilled that character; it is enough that he should have been an accused person at the time when the statement was sought to be proved in court, even though he may not have been an accused person at the time he had made that statement.
The correctness of the decision of the Constitution Bench of this Court in the case of Mohamed Dastagir v. State of Madras [(1960) 3 SCR 116] was questioned because it was said that it ran counter to the observations of the Full Court in Sharma case [(1954) SCR 1077].
A specialized Portal developed for this purpose (www. results. nic. in (External website that opens in a new window)) forms the front end of this mammoth ICT exercise, and has been extremely popular with students and parents who no longer need to throng the notice boards anxiously to search for their roll number, and can check the result from the comfort of their homes or a nearby cyber cafe.
Subject to the provisions of this Act and to the rules made thereunder, a petition for divorce may be presented to the district court either by the husband or the wife on the ground that the respondent— (a) has, after the solemnization of the marriage, had voluntary sexual intercourse with any person other than his or her spouse; or (b) has deserted the petitioner for a continuous period of not less than two years immediately preceding the presentation of the petition; or (c) is undergoing a sentence of imprisonment for seven years or more for an offence as defined in the Indian Penal Code (45 of 1860).
Under general exemption No. 66 issued under sub-section 1 of Section 5A of the Central Excise Act the Central Government has exempted exciseable goods of the description specified in (3) of the table appended to the said Exemption Order.
In the decision reported in Nikhil Merchant vs. Central Bureau of Investigation and Another[4] this Court understood the charges/allegations against the aforesaid Nikhil Merchant in the same terms as in the case of the accused-respondents, as already highlighted.
Aggrieved by the order of the High Court the accused had moved this Court under Article 136 of the Constitution.
The learned counsel has also submitted that by the very same impugned order of the High Court the criminal proceeding against one Nikhil Merchant was declined to be quashed on the ground that offences under Sections 468 and 471 of the IPC had been alleged against the said accused.
It is further submitted by the learned counsel that the correctness of the view in B.S. Joshi (supra) and Nikhil Merchant (supra) were referred to the three Judges Bench in Gian Singh (supra).
As already noted, the opinion expressed in Gian Singh (supra) is that the power of the High Court to quash a criminal proceeding under Section 482 Cr.P.C. is distinct and different from the power vested in a criminal court by Section 320 Cr.P.C. to compound an offence.
The conclusion in Gian Singh (supra), therefore, was that the decisions rendered in B.S. Joshi (supra) and Nikhil Merchant (supra) are correct.
In the present case, as already seen, the offence with which the accused-respondents had been charged are under Section 120- B/420 of the Indian Penal Code.
The civil liability of the respondents to pay the amount to the bank has already been settled amicably.
The terms of such settlement have been extracted above. No subsisting grievance of the bank in this regard has been brought to the notice of the Court.
While the offence under Section 420 IPC is compoundable the offence under Section 120- B is not.
The learned Additional Solicitor General has strongly relied upon Mafatlal Industries Ltd. and Others Vs. Union of India And Ors., reported in (1997) 5 SCC 536 to support his contentions on unjust enrichment.
We have heard Mr. Atmaram N. S. Nadkarni, Additional Solicitor General and Mr. K. Radhakrishnan, Senior Advocate for the appellant and Mr. N. Venkatraman, Senior Advocate for the respondent.
The learned Additional Solicitor General submitted that a claim for refund can be entertained only when the claimant has not passed on the duty to any other person.
By referring to the statement of objects and reasons for the amendment made to the Central Excises & Customs Laws (Amendment) Act 1991, the learned Additional Solicitor General submitted that the Act had given effect to the recommendations of the Public Accounts Committee whereby the refund of any duty was proposed to be made only to the person who ultimately bears the incidence of such duty.
According to him such verification would not stop with the manufacturer and his buyer but would extend to the ultimate buyer i.e. the consumer.
Explaining the doctrine of severability contained in Section 57 of Indian Contract Act, 1872, in B.O.I. Finance Ltd., v. Custodian and others[4], a three Judge Bench of this Court has held that question of severance arises only in the case of a composite agreement consisting of reciprocal promises.
In Shin Satellite Public Co. Ltd. V. Jain Studios Ltd.[5], this Court has observed that the proper test for deciding validity or otherwise of an order or agreement is “substqantial severability” and not “textual divisibility”.
It was further held by this Court that it is the duty of the Court to sever and separate trivial and technical parts by retaining the main or substantial part and by giving effect to the latter if it is legal, lawful and otherwise enforceable.
In this regard, it has been submitted by the counsel for the appellant that while the daily wears of PW5 were kept at the tube-well, fancy clothes for occasions were kept at the village house.
The Studies on International Security Environment, Global Issues and India’s Strategic Neighborhood focuses on the international security environment as also its impact on India’s foreign policy.
Further, in view of the law laid down by this Court in the case of .[4], this Court has ruled that even in the case of private employment, the future prospects can be taken into consideration to determine the loss of dependency.
The most important parameter mentioned in Schedule 5, when the performance test is to be taken for the purpose of commissioning, is that a unit shall be deemed to have passed such test only if it operates continuously for 72 consecutive hours at or about 95% of its contracted capacity as existing on the effective date and within the electrical system limits and functional specifications.
The learned Magistrate accepted the plea of the wife and granted maintenance at the rate of Rs.900/- per month to the wife and at the rate of Rs.500/- per month to the daughter.
The learned Magistrate accepted the plea of the wife and granted maintenance at the rate of Rs.900/- per month to the wife and at the rate of Rs.500/- per month to the daughter.
We are informed that the Appellant has complied with the said order and deposited the amount in the Registry.
Courts of law are structured in such a design as to evoke respect and reverence to the majesty of law and justice.
It, inter alia, states that whenever a notice, demanding the payment as per notice or invoice, under sub- section (1) of Section 8 of IBC and the operational creditor does not receive payment from the corporate debtor, after the expiry of a period of 10 days from the date of delivery of such notice or invoice demanding payment operational creditor may file an obligation before the adjudicating authority for initiating CIRP.
There is no scope of arbitrariness or whims or caprice in the exercise of power or discretion, left with the State to treat a raiyat in a manner that suits the State according to its own convenience.
There is no scope of arbitrariness or whims or caprice in the exercise of power or discretion, left with the State to treat a raiyat in a manner that suits the State according to its own convenience.
In the criminal trial, the appellants have been acquitted honourably for want of evidence on record.
Also, the proviso to makes it clear that the extension “shall not be granted more than once .
It was submitted that in the absence of allegations in the complaint to prove commission of offence by respondents No.10 and 11, the mere fact that respondents No.10 and 11 are responsible for the maintenance of the building by itself, cannot lead to an inference that respondents No.10 and 11 are responsible for the theft.
Envoys of the Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Republic of Malawi presented their credentials to the President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee at a ceremony held in Rashtrapati Bhavan today (December 7, 2015).
What is relevant is whether pecuniary gain is 'receivable' in regard to the office and not whether pecuniary gain is, in fact, received or received negligibly.
The petitioners also questioned the validity of some of the provisions of the prospectus for the relevant year to the post- graduate admission in the service quota but gave up that prayer when the petitions eventually came up for hearing confining the relief prayed for in the writ petition to a declaration as to the validity of the statutory provisions under challenge.
Subsequently, however, it came to light that the number of candidates available were much more than the number of vacancies and there were also serious doubts raised about the eligibility of some of the candidates and some of the institutions from which they alleged to have received their training.
The Exim scrips or replenishment licences were not “goods  which were purchased by them.
In the matter on hand, the father of the defendant knew about the correct position on facts and he very well knew that he was the owner to the extent of 50% of the property only, and as he did not act to his detriment, the question of estoppel does not arise.
Similarly the petrochemicals and plastic industry is making significant contribution to many sectors, including agriculture, horticulture, and healthcare and construction industry.
Our civilization has championed patriotism, pluralism, tolerance, honesty and discipline.
I wish ISRO every success in the missions to come. Let me conclude by saying that India 's tryst with space will continue to evoke awe amongst many.
Therefore, it is recommended that the provisions of the IRDA Act, 1999 should be merged in the Insurance Act, 1938 on the lines set out in the Appendix IV of the Report.
After filing the detailed reply, nothing was heard from the Joint Registrar but due to political pressure and extraneous reasons after two and half years of the show cause notice, an order of supersession was served on the Board, followed by the appointment of an Administrator in gross violation of the second proviso to Section 53(1) of the Act.
Note: 2: Affidavit should be sworn before on Oath Commissioner or Magistrate of the First Class or before a Notary Public.
Pursuant to the directions given by the learned Single Judge, the Commissioner (Appeals) heard the appeal filed by APHB.
Tax Litigation viz-a-viz Ease of Doing Business in India.
Minor contradictions and inconsistencies as pointed out by the learned counsel for the appellants rightly have been ignored by the courts below.
Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation is the apex organization for disseminating reliable and credible statistics consistent with international standards.
The entire effort, therefore, is not to allow the real perpetrator of an offence to get away unpunished.
In absence of any note in the service record at the time of acceptance of joining of appellant it was incumbent on the part of the Medical Board to call for records and look into the same before coming to an opinion that the disease could not have been detected on medical examination prior to the acceptance for military service, but nothing is on the record to suggest that any such record was called for by the Medical Board or looked into it and no reasons have been recorded in writing to come to the conclusion that the disability is not due to military service.
In absence of any note in the service record at the time of acceptance of joining of appellant it was incumbent on the part of the Medical Board to call for records and look into the same before coming to an opinion that the disease could not have been detected on medical examination prior to the acceptance for military service, but nothing is on the record to suggest that any such record was called for by the Medical Board or looked into it and no reasons have been recorded in writing to come to the conclusion that the disability is not due to military service.
The contention of the learned senior counsel was that the Act does not postulate commitment of the case to the Special Court and no provision having been inserted in the Act to empower the Special Court to tender pardon, hence, the impugned order granting pardon is without jurisdiction.
The specific stand of the respondent No. 1 company in this regard need not detain the Court save and except to state that by a detailed description of the manufacturing process the respondent No. 1 company had sought to contend that it is an industrial company.
The High Court on appeal convicted the appellant under IPC and awarded a sentence of 7 years; under IPC awarded the sentence for a period of 3 years and also a fine of Rs.5,000/- was imposed, and in default, to undergo further sentence of 6 months.
Further, the norms evolved by the State to arrive at a decision with regard to integrity of the Respondent were also not followed and as such, the order compulsorily retiring the Respondent was not sustainable.
Whether proper court fee is paid on a plaint is primarily a question between the plaintiff and the State.
Dr. M.P. Raju, learned counsel also submits that a classification excluding Classes I to V from Junior High School for the purpose of aid is discriminatory and without any reasonable objective or any rational nexus.
There is an urgent need to bring skill development and vocational training to the centre - stage of our developmental processes.
The prosecution has further examined CW5 as PW3 who is the then ASI of Chandralayout Police Station.
Having regard to those circumstances, we are satisfied that ends of justice will be met if the substantive sentence awarded to the appellants is reduced to the period already undergone while maintaining the amount of fine.
Having regard to those circumstances, we are satisfied that ends of justice will be met if the substantive sentence awarded to the appellants is reduced to the period already undergone while maintaining the amount of fine.
Even in the case of the marriage in the instant case, an advertisement was resorted to by Bhim Sain.
The High Court, however, was completely under misconception and misdirected itself by forming an opinion as if all the five accused were convicted under / IPC and accordingly went on to appreciate the evidence and while dismissing both the appeals by a common judgment convicted four accused under / IPC along with Kanhai Prasad Chourasia.
We agree with the reasoning and the conclusions reached by the Division Bench of the High Court and as such this appeal has to be dismissed.
We cannot agree since the decision in Sandhu itself distinguished the M.C. Mehta set of orders both on facts and in law.
The turkey eggs are tinted and weigh about 85 gms.
On 8 February 2001, it heard the representatives of the Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan and Justice P.B. Sawant, Chairman, Press Council of India.
The High Court, thereafter, considered the challenge to the detention order on the grounds as were urged.
To effectively manage the cash flows, the companies needs to do cash planning.
It was his vigorous and emphatic contention, that the present petition was not maintainable, either under the provisions of the Constitution of India, or under any other law of the land.
However, as we have sustained the conviction under IPC and all the sentences are directed to be concurrent, the acquittal for the offence punishable under would not help the appellant.
The principle of non-discrimination has been analysed and applied in judicial precedent over the last six decades.
Of Central Jail, (1974) 3 SCC 531, since the subject matter was related to List I, the Central Government was held to be appropriate Government.
The President said Vietnam is a country that all Indians hold in great respect and admiration.
Therefore, under Central Excise exempting ore concentrates of ores would also be exempted.
147) As rightly pointed out by the prosecution, the facts and events stated by the appellant in his own confession are duly corroborated by the confessions of other co-accused, thereby clearly revealing his involvement in the landings at Shekhadi and that he was unauthorisedly in possession of the contraband material.
Also in the event of Dismissal/removal of a transferred employee from the public sector undertaking/autonomous body the employee concerned will be allowed protection to the extent that the administrative Ministry/Department will review such order before taking a final decision.
The provision for bail goes back to Magna Carta itself.
I am also of the view that the action impugned is not in breach of rules of natural justice which has no application to the facts of this case as held in the cases of Bihar School Examination and BSNL (supra).
Large number of people will not come to the house of the Complainant and would return without causing any injury as they were said to be armed with weapons like crowbar, knife and ripper etc.
The instant order passed by the Governor, has been assailed by the appellants.
They carry different meanings, and different consequences flow from them.
The police recorded the statements of various persons including Maya Devi (PW.3), Birma (PW.4) anlongwith other people.
They helped in nourishing Indian culture with fundamental and interminable values.
The competent authority may appoint one Government employee to hold substantively, as a temporary measure or to officiate in, two or more independent posts at one time.
I thank you for inviting me to be a part of this historic event.
P12 were produced.
Out of this, Rs 1,00,00,000 was paid to Quality Synthetics Industries Limited.
Cause of action for negligence arises only when damage occurs for damage is a necessary ingredient of this tort.
Their contentions will be referred to at appropriate stage to the extent necessary.
SMEs face severe constraints as far as bank credit is concerned, forcing them to tap alternative financing sources, especially trade credit.
With regard to argument canvassed that material in above referred confession or that of witnesses pertaining to events which had occurred at Wangni Tower not disclosing any positive overt act on part of A-55 or that at time of exchange of goods he was not at Wangni Tower or that he was only travelling on motor cycle etc.
The said decision is the subject of matter of this appeal by special leave at the instance of the publisher.
Though, certain representations are said to have been made by the Chief Executive Officer on behalf of the five Officers posted at Johannesburg but there is no communication that the Officers are finding it difficult to work on the basis of such reduced salary.
I Rule 8 or not.
The court has to examine the contents of the dying declarations in the light of the various surrounding facts and circumstances.
At the same time, the various subjects should not be studied in isolation.
The PPA was executed on 30.5.1996 and effective for a period of 20 years.
It will also be necessary to provide for some package of benefits for the people residing in the sterilized zone as there will be some restriction on the activities of this area.
It is now necessary to undertake a survey of the case law laid down by this court in relation to the , 1985 and its relation with other enactments.
In the case on hand, accused persons failed to prove beyond reasonable doubt that the deceased died a natural death.
The endeavour to then bring the same within the 4th Amendment to the said Rules, notified on 8.9.1993, is to no avail as the post of ‘Assistant Engineer’ was not mentioned as one of the posts for which consultation with the UPPSC had been dispensed with.
They had approached the Court well in time when Abdul Rashid Rather had also filed the petition.
Perumal had three wives-Subbammal, Lakshmi Ammal and Pappu Ammal.
The Licence fee, which is in the form of revenue share, is 10 per cent of the adjusted gross revenue and entry fee is Rs. 1 crore.
This Court held: 34. , (1999) 3 SCC 670 has already been referred to above.
This is, of course, subject to the exception that the parties can agree to the adjustment of payment in any other manner despite the decree.
Though they have done wrong but must we show mercy on them and they were permitted to go back to their studies, to their parents and continue the good course.
It was submitted, that this Court must also take into consideration, the fact that the impugned orders set at naught, admissions gained by the appellants to the MBBS course, during the years 2008 to 2012, and as such, may be well beyond the purview of consideration, under the law of limitation, even for examining their culpability/criminality.
The concerned Currency Declaration Forms according to CEGAT sufficiently proved that the currency was brought in by said Jatin Jhaveri.
Besides this, compensation calculated at ten per cent of the market value of the land on the date of the preliminary Notification is also payable to the owner and to any other person whose right of enjoyment in the land has been affected by reason of the acquisition.
The communication dated 11.8.2014 pertained to alleged replacement of some photographs from the CESS report of May, 2009 and referred to a stream/natural canal at site that had been mapped by the CESS.
Black’s Law Dictionary, 9th Edn.
One of the objects of the said Act is to provide momentum to the consumer movement.
A3 filed a detailed written statement.
This ground for cancellation, the Court held, is different from the ground that the accused misconducted himself or some new facts call for cancellation.
I have no doubt that you will equip yourselves thoroughly and develop your capabilities comprehensively to one day make your own valuable contributions to the progress of your great country.
Aggrieved, the landlord is before us in the civil appeal.
In rest of the three cases, act of dacoity was claimed by the complainant.
No excisable goods, on which any duty is payable, shall be 'removed' without payment of duty from any place, where they are produced or manufactured, or from a warehouse, unless otherwise provided.
It deals with various processes carried on without the aid of power in relation to manufacture.
It deals with various processes carried on without the aid of power in relation to manufacture.
The first two have been typically valued in schools; the next three are usually associated with the arts; and the final two are what Howard Gardner called 'personal intelligences’.
The first two have been typically valued in schools; the next three are usually associated with the arts; and the final two are what Howard Gardner called 'personal intelligences’.
In view of the above facts it is not possible for us to accept, that the impugned order was passed without following the rules of natural justice or without affording the petitioner an opportunity of hearing.
In the case on hand, the payment has really nothing to do with the erection and installation.
Now so far as the submission and prayer on behalf of the accused, not only to acquit them, but to award an adequate compensation is concerned, it deserves consideration.
Given the nature of dispute and also the fact that the claim of the petitioners would require a policy decision on the part of the State Govt., this court does not intend to keep the petition pending any further, rather ends of justice would meet if the petition is disposed of with a direction to respondents 1 & 2 to take a decision in this regard as to whether the petitioners would also be entitled for similar benefits as are being granted to the regular government teachers.
The Government of India, in order to provide adequate supply of credit to various sectors of the economy, has evolved a well developed structure of financial institutions in the country.
Besides, skill development programmes (SDPs) and entrepreneurship - cum - skill development programmes (ESDPs) are also being organized by various public as well as private training institutions.
Information on the location of water bodies, drainage, forests, surface travel routes with respect to the project site is obtained within the study area and plotted on a map.
Information on the location of water bodies, drainage, forests, surface travel routes with respect to the project site is obtained within the study area and plotted on a map.
The subject property is on main road connecting Durgapura station to Tonk Road.
After hearing the learned counsel for the parties and after going through the records of this matter, including the evidence, as analyzed by the High Court as well as the Trial Court, it appears that the case in hand is totally dependent upon the circumstantial evidence.
After satisfying the accused about the confessional statement made and the procedure followed, he would handover the custody of the said accused to the police officer concerned.
He, also for that matter Additional/Joint/Deputy/Assistant Registrar are, therefore, wearing two hats, with predominant role of the administrators.
According to the CBI, the said accused was a part of what is called as ‘Stage 3’ conspiracy.
The possibility of further defining these guiding principles can be envisaged with further juridical experience, and when common jurisprudential values linking different national systems of law may make a consensual pattern possible.
Clumsy has been designed by a talented school student who won prestigious awards at an International science competition.
The amendment if permitted changes the nature of the suit and causes prejudice to this defendant.
Responds hand - signals of instructor while learning to operate a forklift.
Marked distinction between the two Chapters, as already held by this Court in the judgments noted above, is that not only is a code by itself, it contains the provision for special deduction which is linked to profits.
It was also observed that at the same time such a price would have to be paid if the constitutional promise of social justice was to be redeemed.
Thus, we also observe that a grant of product patent on this application can create a havoc to the lives of poor people and their families affected with the cancer for which this drug is effective.
Usman Jan Khan (PW-2) We have carefully gone through his evidence implicating the appellant (A-100).
The constitutional mandate was to separate executive and judiciary in all its ramifications?.
The right to privacy and confidentiality of a juvenile is required to be protected by all means and through all the stages of the proceedings, and this is one of the reasons why the identity of a juvenile in conflict with law is not disclosed.
When an act is an offence by reason of anything which has been done and of a consequence which has ensued, the offence may be inquired into or tried by a Court within whose local jurisdiction such thing has been done or such consequence has ensued.
Further, it was contended by the counsel for the respondent-Insurance Company that the compensation awarded under different heads referred to supra towards non pecuniary damages is not based on proper appreciation of facts and legal evidence on record particularly in the absence of evidence to prove the fact that she is an income tax assessee since no proof is produced in this regard before the Tribunal to prove her annual income based on which her future loss of income could be determined.
It has therefore been held that where a father disposes of by a Will, his interest in the joint family properties in favour of his son, the properties in the hands of the son still retain the character of coparcenary property, and not self- acquired property.
The owner is responsible for obtaining insurance.
The Inquiry Officer in his report has extracted entire statement of Er.
There is no effective Cross-Examination to this witness.
Learned Single Judge has dealt with the issue and has rightly concluded that the disciplinary authority committed jurisdictional error in imposing the above punishments.
Learned Single Judge has dealt with the issue and has rightly concluded that the disciplinary authority committed jurisdictional error in imposing the above punishments.
The order issuing the process is an interim order and not a judgment.
Union of India & Ors. and other writ petitions, which were entertained and pending in this Court.
A similar writ was filed by another female attendant wherein the Union of India and the State of Assam were arrayed as respondents and the High Court disposed of the writ petition relying on the earlier judgment.
A similar writ was filed by another female attendant wherein the Union of India and the State of Assam were arrayed as respondents and the High Court disposed of the writ petition relying on the earlier judgment.
Please refer to our circular No. DBOD. BP. BC. 71 / 21. 03. 038 / 2007 - 08 dated April 22, 2008 advising banks regarding Calendar of Reviews to be put up to the Board / Management Committee.
The other items never existed at any point of time.
Therefore, the courts have repeatedly held that the order of dismissal passed against the respondent-workman is illegal and improper and against the provisions of the SSO and the principles of natural justice.
Therefore, the courts have repeatedly held that the order of dismissal passed against the respondent-workman is illegal and improper and against the provisions of the SSO and the principles of natural justice.
The grandmother (Nani) told her to go to the house of the accused-appellant.
The resignation to fate has never been the accepted philosophy of human life.
It is presumed that discretionary powers conferred in absolute and unfettered terms on any public authority will necessarily and obviously be exercised reasonably and for the public good.
It is presumed that discretionary powers conferred in absolute and unfettered terms on any public authority will necessarily and obviously be exercised reasonably and for the public good.
Learned counsel also submitted that the evidence of PW19, who conducted the post-mortem, as such, cannot be accepted in evidence since he had not followed the well accepted procedures.
Learned counsel also submitted that the evidence of PW19, who conducted the post-mortem, as such, cannot be accepted in evidence since he had not followed the well accepted procedures.
Direction for retrial should not be made in all or every case where acquittal of accused is for want of adequate or reliable evidence.
For the sake of convenience, we have referred to the facts of Civil Appeal arising out of Special Leave Petition (Civil) No.1565 of 2016 ().
GCE represents the views and missions of the largest civil society network on education issues.
The Investigating Officer found that the clothes worn by A1 to A3 were stained with human blood.
The rarest of rare dictum, as discussed above, hints at this difference between death punishment and the alternative punishment of life imprisonment.
Featured in the epic, the Mahabharata, this is the place where Bheema killed the villainous Keechaka in a heroic attack and then threw him into the valley.
Having settled the dispute relating to development of Vile-Parle property with the promoters/management of GTL on the basis of undisclosed reasons and having withdrawn Company Petition No. 3 of 2010 unconditionally, it is not open to appellants to allege that their public offer is frustrated on account of GTL entering into MOU with Sheth Developers for development of Vile-Parle property.
He was also not paid leave encashment and gratuity.
These documents and jewellery which also belonged to the deceased were seized from the place where the appellant was running a service station.
174. After due consideration of the entire evidence on record, the Designated Court came to the conclusion that the appellant (A-61) being involved in the Shekhadi landing operation, has committed the offence under section 3(3) TADA.
The learned Solicitor General submitted inter alia: CRIMINAL APPEAL NOS.
The term ‘long term borrowing’ has been defined in clause (c) to the explanation.
That the injuries sustained simple injuries and were not sufficient to cause death of an individual.
In substance, it provides that in order to meet the situation arising out of shortage of teachers and also to attract people to the teaching profession, it had been decided to retain the services of teachers till the age of 65 years, as already intimated to all universities and colleges by the letter dated 23.3.2007, issued by the Department of Higher Education, in the Ministry of Human Resource Development, Government of India.
The matter did not rest there.
Significantly, present to the mind of the framers of our Constitution was the invalidation of social welfare legislation in the US on the anvil of the due process clause on the ground that it violated the liberty of contract of men, women and children to offer themselves for work in a free market for labour.
During the course of search SI Satbir Singh recovered opium wrapped in a cloth was tied with the stomach of the accused underneath the shirt and the vest of the accused wrapped in a polythene pack.
The Union has also taken up a plea that though the fall in vacancies, when taken numerically, may not be much but when taken on percentage basis, there is a fairly large fall in the vacancies.
Responding to the submissions made on behalf of the respective parties, the learned Additional Solicitor General, Mr. A.S. Chandhiok, referred to the decision of this Court in Saibanna (Dead) by Lrs.
Chapter 5 of Volume 2 of the Report deals with the unsatisfactory appointment of judges to the High Courts.
This would have cleared many aspects which are shrouded in mystery and the dust has not been cleared.
It appears that on 18th July, 2005 itself, a news item appeared in the newspaper according to which the delinquent was removed as Vice- Chancellor, Bundelkhand University and the Registrar, Delhi University, therefore, on the same day, wrote a letter to the Commissioner, Jhansi and Principal Secretary to the Governor of Uttar Pradesh regarding the authenticity of the newspaper report.
The President of India, as advised by the Prime Minister, has accepted the resignation of Dr. D. Purandeswari, Minister of State in the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, from the Council of Ministers, with immediate effect.
As already pointed out above, this tribunal consists of a Chairman and two other Members.
It went on to observe that if that had been the intention of the legislature, would have empowered either the Court of a District Judge or at any rate, the District Judge as such to hear the appeals.
No selective supplementary charge sheet filed by the CBI at Rae Bareilly splitting the trial would then have been necessary.
The Indian Railways has nearly one lakh guards and drivers for performing train operations round the clock.
Paras 30 to 44 contain the submissions made by the learned Counsel for Mcdermott, the appellant therein, in reply to the submissions made on behalf of BSCL.
Paras 30 to 44 contain the submissions made by the learned Counsel for Mcdermott, the appellant therein, in reply to the submissions made on behalf of BSCL.
Afterwards he has expressed opinion that injury Nos.1 to 5 and 8 to 14 found on Sudarshan could have been caused by sword.
The purpose is to avoid acquisition of land not suitable for a Company.
To the extent Indian law is involved such matters are addressed by Indian lawyers.
Even as we look back with satisfaction at the road we have traversed in building our strong friendship, we both agree that there is enormous untapped potential to be realised.
Instances are many where persons entrusted with the duty of managing and safeguarding the properties of temples, deities and Devaswom Boards have usurped and misappropriated such properties by setting up false claims of ownership or tenancy, or adverse possession.
For agricultural upliftment, we arrange training through Pune Agricultural University, distribute seeds and fertilizers every year.
We believe a person may presume them to be one place or two separate places.
We believe a person may presume them to be one place or two separate places.
At the start - up stage, cash flow considerations are just as important as any other business function.
One can very well see that if the total turnover increases, the advantage which the assessee would get under would decrease because the amount deductible substantially depends upon the ratio between the export turnover and total turnover.
As discussed earlier, at the stage of issuance of process, sufficiency of evidence or otherwise is not to be seen.
The victim was sent for medical examination and was examined by Dr. Sarojini Ben Patel (PW-1) who found no injuries on the private or external parts of her body and the doctor could not give any opinion about rape.
Some Stipendiary Engineers who were working in different State Governments and statutory bodies were also proposed to be appointed to the post of Assistant Engineer or equivalent posts carrying the same scale, subject to their suitability and satisfactory performance.
Some Stipendiary Engineers who were working in different State Governments and statutory bodies were also proposed to be appointed to the post of Assistant Engineer or equivalent posts carrying the same scale, subject to their suitability and satisfactory performance.
The deletion of this section has been suggested in view of the regulations relating to the protection of policyholder’s interest, which adequately ensure the protection of their interest.
The Director General found it unusual that unrelated firms had quoted identical rates in different States.
Powers of investigation which are governed by the statutory provisions and they cannot be curtailed by any executive instruction.
Once there was a meeting, there was every opportunity to discuss or to communicate to each other whatever transpired in the meeting.
To support this, our governments need to create a favourable eco - system for attracting leading R & D institutions and universities.
To support this, our governments need to create a favourable eco - system for attracting leading R & D institutions and universities.
Independence of judges was in respect of their security of tenure and service conditions.
I can assure you that this is one of the best locations in West Bengal for locating your plant.
Most of those Native States, big or small, had their own taxes, cesses, tolls and other imposts and duties meant not only for raising revenue, but also as trade barriers and tariff walls.
It is argued that failure of the State Government amounts to contempt of the orders of this Court.
Because of the natural limitations on increasing the cultivable area and the area under irrigation, the total agricultural production can mainly be increased by maximising the per unit production with the help of intensive methods of cultivation along with a judicious use of available irrigation facilities.
It was not necessary to obtain fresh leave.
None were examined on behalf of the Insurance Company to prove its case before the Tribunal.
Similarly, appellant No.3 had left for Singapore from Bengaluru on 18.08.2016 at 09.30 AM.
However, Santhakumar returned to PW1 upon her request.
According to him, the High Court omitted to refer to its following functions laid down by the Government of India in 1948 and incorporated in the MOA of ICID as the objects and the means of accomplishing these objects: 'To encourage progress in design, construction, maintenance and operation of large and small irrigation works and canals (including navigation canals); to bring together information thereon; and to study all questions relating thereto.
But the said equal right cannot be elevated to the status of a fundamental right.
Doubts have been raised regarding the competence of the MCI and the DCI to amend the 1997 and 2000 Regulations, or the 2007 Regulation and to issue the impugned Notifications to cover all the medical institutions in the country, which have their own procedures relating to admissions to the M.B.B.S., B.D.S. and Post-graduate Courses which passed the triple test indicated in P.A. Inamdar's case (supra).
Meninges intact and pale.
Safe and good - quality food is essential for maintaining good health.
Similarly, he had specifically stated that the property would remain in his possession till he was alive.
He is asserting the right to be free from state inquiry into the contents of his library.
The respondents workers who have been working on daily wage basis cannot be given casual leave which is more than the entitlement extended to regular Government employees.
According to Hinduism, life never comes to an end.
It also involves creating harmony among the working of various departments and divisions of the firm.
The rate soars to 25% to 40% among some populations of urban children.
Accepts responsibility for one 's behavior.
This tendency, the Committee painfully observes, is now on a decline.
No information whatsoever was given of the relationship/linkage of BVG Kshitij and respondent no.1 – BVG India Limited.
Moreover, the State having provided adequate financial assistance to those who do not have toilet facility for construction of toilet, there arise no ground to challenge this provision as being unreasonable in any manner.
If the misbehaviour that is proved before the Judicial Council is serious enough to warrant removal then the Council will make a recommendation to the House in that behalf.
One would like to perceive it as an honour rather than popularity.
The terms of the invitation to tender cannot be open to judicial scrutiny because the invitation to tender is in the realm of contract.
The terms of the invitation to tender cannot be open to judicial scrutiny because the invitation to tender is in the realm of contract.
He fired at Jagdish Tiwari and murdered Haren Pandya as stated in his confession in December 2002 after return from Pakistan.
He fired at Jagdish Tiwari and murdered Haren Pandya as stated in his confession in December 2002 after return from Pakistan.
Since the tenants did not vacate the suit shops, the appellant filed execution application (EP 60/2014).
The PPP model of the CSC scheme envisages a 3 - tier structure consisting of the CSC operator (called Village Level Entrepreneur or VLE); the Service Centre Agency (SCA), that will be responsible for covering a group of districts in a state; and a State Designated Agency (SDA) identified by the State Government responsible for managing the implementation over the entire State.
So there is no need to call panch witnesses for examination and cross- examination by the petitioner.
The park is a reservoir of diverse habits - including some rare and endangered species like the Snow Leopard, Red Panda, Musk Deer, Bharal or the Blue Sheep, Himalayan Tahr, the Shapi of Sikkim, Leopard, Goral Serow, Barking Deer, Lesser Cats, Tibetan Wolf, Fox, Tibetan Fox, Himalayan Black Bear and Monkeys.
It has also been argued on behalf of the accused that apart from PW1, there is no other witness to the incident in question.
In Re (supra).
Trade, commerce and intercourse among the provinces shall be free, and there shall be no preference given to any province or provinces.
In case of malice or ill will, it may be an actual act conveying negativity but the element of bias could be apparent or reasonably seen without -any negative result and could form part of a general public perception.
Cameras were to be operated by the court itself, no filming of jurors was to take place and the consent of parties was required.
These three Judicial Members have to be assisted by three environmental experts (to be called Commissioners) in each Environmental Court.
In short, a classification based on sentence of imprisonment of more than three years of an offence contained in Part A of the Schedule, which is a predicate offence, would have no rational relation to the object of attaching and bringing back into the economy large amounts by way of proceeds of crime.
It is contended that legislative competence of NCT Delhi cannot derogate from or be repugnant to law of Parliament.
A parallel evolution was witnessed in regard to the behaviour of the State within its domestic jurisdiction.
The witnesses, namely, Vikram Singh, Lakshmi Karan and Ramesh who had come to police station at 2:00 a.m., being the close relatives of the deceased and injured Devi, are expected to first give treatment to the injured than to complete the formalities of lodging the complaint in detail.
The conviction under IPC and 409 is confirmed and the sentence of imprisonment under IPC is reduced to three years.
It contained similar provision.
We will have to make them the medium for change and development through education.
The scheme is not offered to the Banks since the stock on hire pledged / hypothecated is about Rs.80 crores as against their dues of Rs.62 crores.
Such recruitments were, in the opinion of this Court, in complete negation of the guarantees contained in Articles 14 and 16 of the Constitution.
It straddles the North - South divide in the world with an immense diversity of races, religions, cultures, geographical spread and stages of development.
It straddles the North - South divide in the world with an immense diversity of races, religions, cultures, geographical spread and stages of development.
Hence, the application is dismissed on contest.
Hence, the State Commission rejected the complaint.
The caste certificate (Ext.P-13) of the Appellant was also seized.
AAI would have an equity participation of 49% which can be shared amongst the other aviation related PSUs and the JVP will have 51% equity.
Mr Shetty specifically denied that Mr Thakur had requested the ICC Chairperson to issue a letter.
Prurient – adj.
The contesting respondent/PIL petitioner had also submitted that out of 100 acres of land, 14.15 acres of land was submerged in water which has also been leased out.
Members can utilize those provisions to raise those issues in which they are interested but disruption of proceedings by frequent adjournments cannot be justified.
Therefore, we hold that the testimonies of the prosecution witnesses are fully reliable and there has been no improvement made.
Court exists for rendering justice to the people.
Admittedly, steps were not taken for substitution in regard to the second appellant.
The explanation sought to be given by the respondent-owners is that the aforesaid generator sets were installed in the set-back area as the appellant has not permitted to install the same on the terrace of the building.
The explanation sought to be given by the respondent-owners is that the aforesaid generator sets were installed in the set-back area as the appellant has not permitted to install the same on the terrace of the building.
Framers of the Constitution had the advantage of an intimate knowledge of the functioning of the Federal Court, the High Courts and the Subordinate Courts of this country under the Government of India Act, 1935[121].
Consequently those who retired prior to the specified date would not be entitled to the benefits of the liberalized pension formula.
The appeal filed by the claimant is allowed with the above observation and direction.
The appeal filed by the claimant is allowed with the above observation and direction.
The independent witnesses have not supported the case of prosecution at all.
Two officers, namely, Ram Ji Singh, the then General Manager, DIC, Chandauli (since retired) and Yogendra Nath Pandey, Assistant Manager, DIC, Chanduali were part of the conspiracy.
Grant of injunction or restraint order is not a gagging writ in the facts of this case.
We are unable to countenance the submission made by Mr. Sanghi that economic viability of the industrial unit or the financial capacity of the employer cannot be taken into consideration in the matter of revision of pay-scales of the employees.
The address will be broadcast from 1900 hrs. on the entire national network of All India Radio (AIR) and telecast over all channels of Doordarshan in English followed by Hindi versions.
The Archives and Research Centre of the Ashram which I inaugurated today is a concrete effort to conserve and disseminate Gandhiji’s legacy.
Reading the provision in the manner the petitioners suggest would have the effect of annulling itself.
The High Court has been influenced by the argument of the respondents that simultaneous appearance in two examinations by the appellant in the same year was 'contrary to the Regulations'.
There can be no doubt that it is open to the Governor to grant a full pardon at any time even during the pendency of the case in this court in exercise of what is ordinarily called “mercy jurisdiction .
Even if the competent authority records its opinion in the file on the merits of the matter under consideration, the same cannot be termed as a decision of the Government unless it is sanctified and acted upon by issuing an order in accordance with Articles 77(1) and (2) or Articles 166(1) and (2).
The report supplied by the Registry to Kerala did not include the results and reports of the ITS listed in Annexure 6.1 of the report but later on pursuant to the order of this Court dated 31.8.2012, all 50 CDs and 4 DVDs were supplied to the counsel for Kerala.
Salik Ram was examined as PW2 and his statement is cogent, coherent, reliable and fully supports the case of the prosecution.
For considering the request, the DPCC required a ridge demarcation report which was not given by the DDA to Kenneth Builders or to the DPCC.
While underlining that the writ petition filed by the Investigating Officer Parsuram Singh alleging pressure on him by his higher ups to misdirect the investigation, has meanwhile been dismissed on merits, the learned senior counsel argued that the averments even if accepted to be true, did in fact vouchsafe the fairness and impartiality of the investigation conducted by the state police.
The above interpretation sought to be made by the learned senior counsel and another counsel is supported by the provisions of the UGC Act.
The above interpretation sought to be made by the learned senior counsel and another counsel is supported by the provisions of the UGC Act.
In the event of loss, only the fixed amount is payable, irrespective of the actual amount of loss.
We direct Shri Ranjit Sinha, CBI Director not to interfere in the investigation and prosecution of the case relating to the 2G spectrum allocation that is carried out by the CBI, and to recuse himself from the case.
The copies of letters requiring the Petitioners to vacate the shops under their occupation have been enclosed with the petition.
May his teachings inspire us to work for harmony and integration within our society.
Again, the said passport holder left Dubai on 25.08.1994 and entered India on 25.08.1994 itself.
The Law Commission having reviewed the functioning of this mechanism from 1950 to 1987 concluded : ‘The almost universal chorus of comment is that the selections are unsatisfac- tory and that they have been induced by executive influence. It has been said that these selections appear to have proceeded on no recognisable principle and 177, 80th Report.
There is no Government Agency to regulate the collection of such funds and to monitor that fund so collected really reaches the beneficiaries .
Defendant No.1 is also directed to make the necessary compliance for obtaining supply of municipal water to the suit building.
These witnesses have also deposed regarding obtaining of loan by the accused.
When the matter came up for re-hearing, the objection that the court did not have a power to recall the order and hear the appeal de novo, was rejected.
Thus, we hold and declare that the expression 'knowledge and experience' appearing in these provisions would mean and include a basic degree in the respective field and the experience gained thereafter.
The appellant did not make the unnecessary application.
Most companies were silent in their applications as to whether or not the power, steel or cement plant was operational.
She also stated that when she was residing with her Asha Madam, her parents along with many persons including Police personnel (which did not have any lady police) forcibly took her away from there to the Police Station, from where she was handed over to her parents.
In other words, the parties shall invoke the ICC Rules of Arbitration in case a dispute arises between them concerning their rights, duties or liabilities.
In such a fact-situation, none of the said witnesses are trustworthy.
Anything distinctly calculated to incite a reader to indulge in acts of indecency or immorality is obscene.
Therefore, when a person is in police custody, the confession made by him even to a third person, that is other than a police officer, shall also become inadmissible.
Therefore, when a person is in police custody, the confession made by him even to a third person, that is other than a police officer, shall also become inadmissible.
On account of the aforesaid brain damage, even her speech was stated to have been substantially impaired.
On account of the aforesaid brain damage, even her speech was stated to have been substantially impaired.
He said that in future they will make many more contributions in their fields and if their stay in Rashtrapati Bhavan is able to make any difference in that regard, he would consider, the objective of the programme as fulfilled.
Some or other constitutional infirmity has to be found before invalidating an Act.
Education Cess is on excise duty.
Their possible resentment at their initial awards (that they would probably recognise from the fictitious code numbers and/or their markings, especially for low-candidature subjects) having been superseded (either due to inter-examiner or inter-subject moderation) would lead to bad blood between Additional Examiners and the Head Examiner on the one hand, and between examiners and the Commission, on the other hand.
Significantly, when it comes to the question of fulfillment of the requirement of cognizance what is prescribed is the cognizance of such offence and not the offender.
Significantly, when it comes to the question of fulfillment of the requirement of cognizance what is prescribed is the cognizance of such offence and not the offender.
Judicial appointments are important because judges matter, not just to academics, politicians, and practitioners, but to all Americans.
Aggravating factors cannot be ignored and similarly mitigating circumstances have also to be taken into consideration.
Rajiv Gandhi National Drinking Water Mission (RGNDWM) adopts an integrated approach so that conservation and augmentation of water sources is interrelated with rural water supply schemes to provide sustainable supply of safe drinking water to the rural population.
Merely because the accused are government servants/officials they do not enjoy any immunity from arrest if they have committed an offence.
The distinction between a private trust and a public trust is that whereas in the former the beneficiaries are specific individuals, in the latter they are the general public or a class thereof.
Certain reports of technical committees have also been brought on the record along with the affidavit.
Persistence in criminal behaviour may also be due to personality traits, most frequently due to pathological traits of personality, such as mental defectiveness, emotional instability, mental conflicts, ecocentrism and psychosis.
Parliament, in order to restore the credibility of cheques as a trustworthy substitute for cash payment enacted the aforesaid provisions.
Where the appreciation of evidence and finding is vitiated by any error of law of procedure or found contrary to the principles of natural justice, errors of record and misreading of the evidence, or where the conclusions of the High Court are manifestly perverse and unsupportable from the evidence on record.
Where the appreciation of evidence and finding is vitiated by any error of law of procedure or found contrary to the principles of natural justice, errors of record and misreading of the evidence, or where the conclusions of the High Court are manifestly perverse and unsupportable from the evidence on record.
What is in dispute among the plaintiff and the defendants already on record is about the construction being made by the plaintiff.
Eastern Coalfields Ltd. (supra) case for grant of same benefit to all similarly situated persons such as the appellants herein.
The Magistrate is directed to pass fresh orders on the applications made by the appellant before it relating to granting of police remand of the respondents in accordance with law.
The words “resignation  and “retirement  carry different meanings in common parlance.
The enhanced rent by way of conditional interim order shall be continued to be paid to the respective Banks, which amount shall also be adjusted towards debts of the debtors/landlords.
Such trust in the capability and independence of your institution also casts a huge responsibility on you to keep your knowledge up - to - date and to uphold highest professional standards.
In appeal against the acquittal, if a possible view has been taken, no interference is required, but if the view taken is not legally sustainable, the Court has ample powers to interfere with the order of acquittal.
Public expenditure has increased manifold, newer delivery mechanisms have had to be thought of and brought in to reach services to the people.
Though the members representing employers were common, they were not incapacitated in any manner as is being contended by the petitioners.
In the said suit also, the order of temporary injunction was granted on 10.07.1989 in favour of respondent no. 4 herein.
Some of them were so young that they could not resist any attack by the accused.
On the third issue, the High Court held that there is a concurrent finding of both the trial court and appellate court that the documents were forged, based on the evidence of the handwriting expert and the depositions of the witnesses who had stated that Ajuddhibai was residing at Vrindavan and not at Gwalior when the document was executed.
Further, if it was not possible to adjust the appellant against any post, the respondents ought to have kept the appellant on a supernumerary post until a suitable post is available or, until the appellant attained the age of superannuation whichever was earlier.
Further, if it was not possible to adjust the appellant against any post, the respondents ought to have kept the appellant on a supernumerary post until a suitable post is available or, until the appellant attained the age of superannuation whichever was earlier.
The letter intimated that the Institute would be forwarding the notification of approval for inclusion of the College within the ambit of the Institute under Section 3 of the UGC Act as soon as it was received.
The letter intimated that the Institute would be forwarding the notification of approval for inclusion of the College within the ambit of the Institute under Section 3 of the UGC Act as soon as it was received.
He continued making attempts to raise the amount.
This Court observed in order dated 24.9.2014 that in this petition the only issue which is required to be addressed is with regard to ‘Good Samaritans’.
It may be seen from the terms of the consent decree dated 5. 9. 1989 extracted above that the parents of the parties were to be the absolute owner of the suit property during their lifetime.
There is a subtle distinction between parole and furlough.
Upon death of Smt. Shakuntla Devi, as per the Will, the ownership in respect of the house in question came to be vested in the present appellants and another grandchild of late Shri Amrit Lal.
There are only 2 Pre-operative beds.:- This deficiency is subjective.
The mural paintings on the walls of the lower ambulatory inside are finest examples of Chola and later periods.
The Entry in question uses the word “bitumen  without any further stipulation or qualification.
The Co- operative Appellate Court also refused to grant any relief to them.
It was further argued that Ramleela ground, where the protests are now permitted, is far away from the Parliament.
Though the Court has expressed its reservations against the correctness of the legal position in Nicolletta Rohtagi decision on various aspects, the same has been referred to higher bench and has not been overruled as yet.
However, even in the absence of such an evidence showing exact loss suffered, the appellants would still be entitled to reasonable compensation once factum of suffering loss stands proved.
It would be ironic to permit a person to rely upon a law, in violation of which he has obtained the benefits.
Levy of taxes is the economic lifeline of the State.
Scheme for long term savings investments, with Income Tax Benefits..
Consequently, I am not in agreement with this contention raised by the defendants.
Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Co. Ltd. (supra) and S.K. Alagh (supra).
Currently, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Bihar, Karnataka Uttar Pradesh and Jammu & Kashmir have bicameral legislatures.
In view of the difference of opinion between the members, the points of difference were placed before a third Member, who then decided in favour of the assessee in the following terms: It is this impugned judgment that has merely been followed in the other appeals.
The counsel for the appellants urged that all the witnesses who had been examined by the prosecution are in blood relations of the deceased or distantly related and the common factor amongst all the eye witnesses is that they were interested witnesses.
I congratulate him for winning this coveted award. I am sure he will continue to enrich Hindi literature in the years to come.
Therefore even prior to the promulgation of policy for discontinuance of drafting into Fleet Reserve from 1976, Respondents 1 and 2 were clearly at liberty to decide if a Sailor is to be enrolled into Fleet Reserve or not.
This Court approved the ratio of the decisions in Idu Beg and Nidamarti cases (supra), that distinguished ‘rashness’ and ‘negligence’, and held that while rashness implies recklessness or indifference to consequences, negligence arises from neglect of a civic duty of circumspection, “which having regard to all the circumstances out of which the charge has arisen, it was the imperative duty of the accused person to have adopted.
The power to reopen was conferred on the State Government in addition to the existing power under the Rajasthan Tenancy Act.
The Minister / Private Member who has introduced the government / Private Members’ Bill.
The evidence of his work as produced before the Tribunal shows that earlier he was having three lathe machines and four employees, when his workshop was at 6, Desh Bandhu Gupta Road.
There can be no certainty in making this prediction.
It is a settled law that an employee cannot be termed as a slave, he has a right to abandon the service any time voluntarily by submitting his resignation and alternatively, not joining the duty and remaining absent for long.
We therefore, do not propose to examine the question as to what is the effect of the appellant’s withdrawal from the abovementioned company petition.
Banks have to keep the sophistication, understanding, scale of operation and requirements of their agri - borrowers in mind while advising them on the availability and use of these instruments.
At that stage, the court is required to see whether there has been independent application of mind by the Public Prosecutor and whether other ingredients are satisfied to grant the consent.
Each of the 11 so - called mega - universities, the biggest and most well - established open and distance institutions in the world has an annual enrollment of more than 100, 000, and together they serve approximately 2. 8 million.
In Steel industry, when the industry is concerned with making of steel or re-rolling of steel, it requires lot of power and energy, and electricity being one of the important sources of power, the appellant was much dependent on continuous supply of electricity, which had been assured to it by the respondent-State.
In Steel industry, when the industry is concerned with making of steel or re-rolling of steel, it requires lot of power and energy, and electricity being one of the important sources of power, the appellant was much dependent on continuous supply of electricity, which had been assured to it by the respondent-State.
The broad spectrum of the nature of the suit is for setting aside the transfer of immovable property made by the guardian and consequently, a suit for possession by avoiding the transfer by the guardian in violation of Section 8(2) of the 1956 Act.
The broad spectrum of the nature of the suit is for setting aside the transfer of immovable property made by the guardian and consequently, a suit for possession by avoiding the transfer by the guardian in violation of Section 8(2) of the 1956 Act.
The incident in which the deceased Khumbongmayum Orsonjit died is not an encounter nor can the security forces plead that it was in the exercise of their right of private defence.
The Rule is discharged.
The Rule is discharged.
The Rule is discharged.
It is a befitting honour. I can from personal experience vouchsafe the abiding faith of Dr. Manmohan Singh on education, science and technology.
It is the second largest producer of horticulture produce with 1. 24 million hectare area under cultivation.
Learned single Judge of the High Court, vide judgment and order dated 08.05.2012, dismissed the revision.
Similar statement was also made by Nanak, PW-9.
In Australia, the Queensland Law Reform Commission in its Report on Review of the Limitation of Actions Act 1974 (QLD) (Report No.52) (Sept., 1998) (Chapter 3), after stating that limitation statutes are treated as procedural in some countries, refers to the principle of substantive law as follows: “Substantive Some limitation provisions generally operate to automatically extinguish the right on which a claim is based, once the limitation period for bringing proceedings to enforce the right has expired.
P2 Mahazar.
Three safeguards, namely, full and effective consultation with the Chief Justice of India, the exercise of power only aimed at public interest, and judicial review — in case the power was exercised contrary to the mandate of law, were suggested to insulate the “independence of the judiciary , against an attempt by the executive to control it (paragraphs 813 to 815).
On the other hand, Shri Chidambaram appearing for PRAJITA submitted that PRAJITA is not agreeable for the settlement of the dispute on the terms offered by the appellant and since PRAJITA has rights acquired by the deed of assignment etc. referred to earlier in the property in question, it posted guards to protect the property in question from encroachment but not to prevent the appellant in any manner from visiting the property.
In a case based on circumstantial evidence the settled law is that the circumstances from which the conclusion of guilt is drawn should be fully proved and such circumstances must be conclusive in nature.
In a case based on circumstantial evidence the settled law is that the circumstances from which the conclusion of guilt is drawn should be fully proved and such circumstances must be conclusive in nature.
Indeed, the state is duty bound to revisit its laws and executive decisions to ensure that they do not deny equality before the law and the equal protection of laws.
The Reserve Bank estimates the demand for banknotes on the basis of the growth rate of the economy, inflation rate, the replacement demand and reserve stock requirements by using statistical models / techniques.
Firstly because there was and is no challenge to the order of conviction recorded by the Courts below in this case either before the High Court or before us.
Vasectomy is a minor and simple surgery, but the man rest at least 48 hours after the operation.
A variety of crops grown in the green belts of Rajasthan, and the traditional skills of the people can be harnessed by the investors for expanding their business unit in the State.
Also, such institutions declared as such, prior to these Regulations, shall not be allowed to conduct courses in the Distance mode from any of its off-Campus Centre /off-shore Campus approved subsequent to these Regulations.
PW1 must have been in a great shock when he saw the dead bodies of his sister and niece lying in Malprabha river.
O.S.6/78 is decreed in part with cost as per the calculation above.
The important species in the sanctuary are deer, chinkara, gazelle and the spotted dear.
When the matrimonial relation has for that period ceased to exist de facto, it should, unless there are special reasons to the contrary, cease to exist de jure also.
It was submitted that the High Court has held that “each of the licensors (Respondents) has to appoint an arbitrator and the licensee (Appellant No.1) is to appoint one arbitrator ……………………………. making it in all three arbitrators .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Code, the provisions of clauses (c) and (h) of shall not apply to the resolution applicant in respect of corporate insolvency resolution process of any micro, small and medium enterprises.
First, there has to be some risk 187 that the proceedings in question will be affected at all.
The question of sanction may arise at any stage of prosecution, the Constitution Bench also held that the facts subsequently coming to light on a police or judicial inquiry or even in the course of the prosecution evidence at the trial, may establish the necessity for sanction.
It is not alleged by the department that there is monetary consideration involved in the development agreement.
To say that the holding and subsidiary companies must in addition have a mutual interest in the business of each other is wholly incorrect.
To say that the holding and subsidiary companies must in addition have a mutual interest in the business of each other is wholly incorrect.
Commissioning of Broad Gauge and electrification have been at all-time record levels.
Several steps have been taken to bring about an improvement in the quality of technical education, particularly engineering.
However, the High Court recorded two conditions which are in paragraphs 4 and 7 of the order on the Criminal Miscellaneous Writ Petition.
Further, indication of date of manufacture and date of expiry would also be marked for appropriate products.
In addition, it contains contact information on Indian Diplomatic Mission abroad, concerned departments of State Government and Union Government.
A copy of this petition has already been sent to the District Returning Officer.
As a concluding argument, Mr. Rawal, learned ASG submitted that this Court in exercise of its jurisdiction under may not like to adjudicate such disputed questions of fact which require evidence to be led and its appreciation.
While retaining the civil works with itself, the appellant awarded finishing works including brickworks, wood works, flooring, furnishing, aluminum works and other miscellaneous works including waterproofing etc. to the respondent.
While retaining the civil works with itself, the appellant awarded finishing works including brickworks, wood works, flooring, furnishing, aluminum works and other miscellaneous works including waterproofing etc. to the respondent.
From the entire evidence on record, it appears that the suit property was initially purchased by Krishnappa in the year 1948 and thereafter, due to some internal family problems with respect to said suit property, it was the Krishnappa who thrown the same property into the joint family property in the year 1952 and Krishnappa executed the Sale Deed in favour of his father Nanjappa stating that it belongs to joint family property.
From the entire evidence on record, it appears that the suit property was initially purchased by Krishnappa in the year 1948 and thereafter, due to some internal family problems with respect to said suit property, it was the Krishnappa who thrown the same property into the joint family property in the year 1952 and Krishnappa executed the Sale Deed in favour of his father Nanjappa stating that it belongs to joint family property.
Accused in their defence stated that deceased Ganga Singh was a person of criminal character who was also in collusion with dacoits and engaged in theft and snatching.
Writing the judgment, His Lordship (Gajendragadkar, C.J.) held that mere passing of an order of dismissal or termination would not be effective unless it is published and communicated to the officer concerned.
I pray for peace of the departed soul and speedy recovery of the injured co-pilot.
It is not an agreement between the parties.
The concept of “fair trial , submits Mr. Mehta, cannot be stretched too far to engulf situations which the said conception really does not envisage.
The lease deed executed between the Government of the Maharaja of Travancore and Secretary of State for India in Council on 29.10.1886 is valid and binding on the first defendant and it is enforceable by plaintiff against the first defendant.
He also expressed that tender and acceptance of pardon was correctly recorded and it bears his signature.
The second limb of the submission is whether in the obtaining factual matrix, the order passed by the High Court discharging the accused- respondent is justified in law.
In other words, the conferment of the power upon the authority may having regard to the context in which such power has been conferred and the purpose of its conferment as also the circumstances in which it is meant to be exercised carry with such power an obligation which compels its exercise.
Chapter VI T 7 Two other statutory Environmental Tribunals and Defects therein National Environment Tribunal Act, 1995: This enactment was made by Parliament, as stated in the preamble, to provide for strict liability for damages arising out of any accident occurring while handling any hazardous substance and for the establishment of the Tribunal for effective and expeditious disposal of cases arising from such accidents, with a view to giving relief and compensation for damages to person, property and the environment and for matters connected therewith or incidental thereto. Liability under sec.
These cottages were let out during 1940-45 on a monthly rental basis.
It was on their application that the Consolidation Officer decided it as a preliminary issue.
While defining the content of these principles, the draftspersons laid out a broad canvass upon which the diversity of our society would be nurtured.
Interactions in group meetings and collective decision making enable them to identify and prioritise their needs and resources.
The jurisdictional High Court returned the finding that unless the discount was shown in the invoice evidencing the sale, it would not qualify for such deduction and further any discount that was given by means of credit note issued subsequent to the sale, in reality was an incentive and not a trade discount eligible for exemption under Rule 9 (a) of the Rules.
It is in this context that the proviso to assumes relevance and importance.
Free speech within the Parliament is crucial for democratic governance.
He led Nepal during the crucial period of political transition and Constitution promulgation.
Sikkim has a wide network of roads.
In such a fact-situation, even if, for the sake of argument it is accepted that the aforesaid Rules have not been complied with strictly, we are not willing to accept the case of the appellant for the reason that Mr. J.M. Sharma, learned senior counsel for the appellant could not show as to what was that material which was not considered by the High Court that had been put up as a defence by the appellant resulting in any miscarriage of justice.
On 14.3.2001, a writ petition was filed by the appellant’s association seeking relief to prohibit the AICTE from in any way exercising its jurisdiction over its member colleges with reference to the MBA and MCA courses conducted by them.
As mentioned above, an Upa-lokayukta does function as an adjudicating authority but the Act places him short of a judicial authority.
It is bound by Pakistan in the west and north - west; by Punjab in the north; by Haryana in the north - east; by Uttar Pradesh in the east; by Madhya Pradesh in the south - east and Gujarat in the south - west.
An act of helplessness on the face of inevitable compulsions is not consent in law.
After issue of notice, learned Attorney General for India entered appearance.
According to learned senior counsel, the change from the original scheme of the Bill to introducing offences outside the 2002 Act dependent upon which bail would be granted, with the twin conditions as aforestated first having to be satisfied, is itself manifestly arbitrary, in that the predicate offence, which is the scheduled offence, and the classification of such offence as being punishable with three years or more would again be wholly irrelevant and would have absolutely no rational relation to the object of granting bail insofar as offences under the 2002 Act are concerned.
However, the City Development Authority did not approve the same and hence no road was formed.
Technologies exist through which substantial reduction in consumption of resources is possible.
While the applicant makes application for service connection such as Electricity, Water Supply, Sewerage he should enclose a copy of the completion certificate issued by CMDA along with his application to the concerned Department/Board/Agency.
The former has a textual origin in The latter is a judicial creation.
The territorial divisions dealt with in this Act existed prior to 1947, and have no relevance to the modern day demarcation of States.
The appellants are the legal representatives of late Pratap Singh.
Thirdly, no question of conflict between the two Lists will arise if the impugned legislation, by the application of the doctrine of “pith and substance  appears to fall exclusively under one list, and the encroachment upon another list is only incidental.
The plea taken by the learned counsel for the respondent in the Court of Metropolitan Magistrate, 33rd Court, Ballard Pier, Mumbai, was that the Company had not been made an accused in the case.
Parliamentary Privilege was introduced to prevent any undue interference in the working of the Parliament and thereby enable the members of the Parliament to function effectively and efficiently without unreasonable impediment.
Thereupon, the Catholic Society was only managing the affairs of 5.5 acres of land known as Willingdon East.
The provision for rehabilitation and re-integration services has several facets and cannot be read in isolation but must be read, inter alia, in conjunction with Section 54 of the JJ Act which requires the inspection of child care institutions registered under the said Act.
Most roof prism binoculars use either the Abbe - Koenig prism (named after Ernst Karl Abbe and Albert Koenig and patented by Carl Zeiss in 1905) or Schmidt - Pechan prism (invented in 1899) designs to erect the image and fold the optical path.
In terms of the said Agreement, the Defendants no. 1 to 6 are liable to make out a good and marketable title of the suit property free from all encumbrances, restrictions, charges, claims and demands and execute a proper conveyance by joining other person or persons thereto, if necessary, to convey an absolute title thereof to the plaintiff.
We do not agree with this view of the High Court.
In order to justify the inference of guilt, the inculpatory facts must be incompatible with the innocence of the accused, and incapable of explanation upon any other reasonable hypothesis than that of his guilt..................
The prosecution has not examined any other witness, present at the time when the money was allegedly handed over to the accused by the complainant, to prove that the same was pursuant to any demand made by the accused.
The prosecution has not examined any other witness, present at the time when the money was allegedly handed over to the accused by the complainant, to prove that the same was pursuant to any demand made by the accused.
In the beginning when the Act of 1985 came into being and cases came to be disposed of by the Tribunal, there may have been an impression that Members of the Tribunal may not be having legal expertise to deal with intricate questions of law and fact.
These cookies do not collect personal information on users and they are deleted as soon as you leave our website.
Inspired by Gandhian ideals, he worked for the betterment of the society and the Gondia Education Society was the culmination of his visionary efforts.
This provision clearly indicates that whenever any member of Home Guard will be called he will discharge his duties.
A challenge to the validity of an act may be by direct action or by way of collateral or indirect challenge.
A challenge to the validity of an act may be by direct action or by way of collateral or indirect challenge.
Whether the information which is entering into CIDR is correct or not is a task entrusted to the enrolling agency or the Registrars.
It is significant to mention that as far as appellants in these appeals, who claim themselves to be the legal heirs of Nusrat Jung-I and rightful owner of the subject lands, are concerned, they did not challenge the order of the Single Judge in respect of those findings which had been rendered against them.
Prior to the decision in Taylor vs. Caldwell, (1861-73) All ER Rep 24, the law in England was extremely rigid.
In view of the above, we hold that the document dated 02.07.1964 is a mortgage by conditional sale.
Rules 2 and 4 provide for seniority on the basis of the period of service in a given cadre.
It is our duty to identify these values and to measure our performance on the touchstone of these values.
Planting of young seedlings in wider spacing did reduce the drudgery involved in uplifting the seedlings, transporting and planting.
The State Agricultural Universities carry out research programmes to tackle location specific problems of different agro - climatic zones.
Explanation 2.—For the removal of doubts, it is hereby declared that any income which has been included in total income of the person referred to in sub-section (1) in a previous year, on account of it having accrued or arisen in the said previous year, shall not be included in the total income of such person in the previous year in which such income is actually paid to him by the venture capital company or the venture capital fund.
He had also made various public statements from time to time that he was interested in taking over the entire function of the Cricket Association and its assets.
This Court examined the issue at length and held: In the very nature of things there cannot be a strait-jacket formula for awarding relief of back wages.
The death sentence must be imposed only when life imprisonment appears to be an altogether inappropriate punishment, having regard to the relevant facts and circumstances of the crime.
Indisputably, the sentencing Courts shall consider all relevant facts and circumstances bearing on the question of sentence and impose a sentence commensurate with the crime committed.
Indisputably, the sentencing Courts shall consider all relevant facts and circumstances bearing on the question of sentence and impose a sentence commensurate with the crime committed.
The Mounded storage of LPG has proved to be safer compared to above ground storage vessels since it provides intrinsically passive and safe environment and eliminates the possibility of Boiling Liquid Expanding Vapour Explosion (BLEVE) phenomenon.
The issues concerning the policies can be raised by the shareholders in the Annual General Meetings of the Bank and by members in the Board meetings.
Crucial information regarding the particulars of the proposed project is sought to enable the EAC or the SEAC to prepare comprehensive ToR which the applicant is required to address during the course of the preparation of the EIA.
The petitioner was represented on legal aid.
As found by the Expert Committee, due to over exploitation and indiscriminate mining of river sand, the environment and the eco-system got very much affected.
As found by the Expert Committee, due to over exploitation and indiscriminate mining of river sand, the environment and the eco-system got very much affected.
In view of the statutory prohibition it cannot, possibly, be said that the acts complained of, in this case, are acts done by the respondents under the colour of their duty or authority.
It is respondent No.1 Insurance Company who had challenged the award in favour of the claimants and in those appeals, the claimants (including appellants in Civil Appeal No.9078 of 2017) filed cross objections which, however, came to be dismissed for non- removal of office objections.
It was also mentioned in the Directors’ Report dated 19.02.2013 that the Net Worth of the Company had now turned positive.
P1 to P3 does not look like brother-sister relationship or simple neighbours relationship and the said photos lead to an inference that respondent and appellant No.1 were living as husband and wife.
Unfortunately the counter affidavit filed by the State (if any counter affidavit was at all filed) is not on our record.
34 We find no reason to take a different view.
The contention of the respondent had been that battery charger not being independently sold, was sold with the cell phone in same packing and hence tax chargeable was at the rate of 4% and proper tax had been paid and, therefore, there was no good ground to charge tax at the rate of 12.5% on sale of those battery chargers which are free with the cell phone in the composite package.
The value of early detection and effective intervention cannot be emphasised enough.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has issued the following message on the eve of Armed Forces Flag Day.
Excessive in-stream sand-and-gravel mining from river beds and like resources causes the degradation of rivers.
It 's fleet comprises of general cargo vessels, cellular container vessels, crude oil tankers, product tankers, bulk carriers, LPG / Ammonia carriers, acid carriers, passenger vessels and offshore supply vessels.
The land claimed by the petitioner is situated in S.No.234 of Tiruchanur Village of Tirupathi Rural Mandal.
At that time there were 2 tempos, 4 jeeps and one Maruti car.
At that time there were 2 tempos, 4 jeeps and one Maruti car.
In the present case, there are concurrent findings of both the Courts below as to the guilt of the accused persons.
However, all the same, auction cannot be called ultra vires for the said reasons and continues to be an attractive and preferred means of disposal of natural resources especially when revenue maximization is a priority.
It was further contended that the phrase used under is 'physical possession' which means actual taking over possession from the appellant-land owner by the Land Acquisition Collector.
The petitioner was instructed to submit particulars of its branches, partners, licences, etc.
The recorded facts demonstrate admittedly that the appellant is continuously in judicial custody since 07.10.2015 and that the supplementary charge-sheet against her along with others as mentioned therein, had been filed on 04.01.2016 incorporating the evidence collected against those incriminated.
These designs are noted to be a compromise and even a gimmick [8] since they add bulk, complexity and fragility to the binocular.
Allows the media to broadcast proceedings on a regular basis and also publishes videos of certain judgment summaries on its website.
It is in this limited circumstance that a legislature may alter the very basis of a decision given by a court, and if an appeal or other proceeding be pending, enable the Court to apply the law retrospectively so made which would then change the very basis of the earlier decision so that it would no longer hold good.
It is in this limited circumstance that a legislature may alter the very basis of a decision given by a court, and if an appeal or other proceeding be pending, enable the Court to apply the law retrospectively so made which would then change the very basis of the earlier decision so that it would no longer hold good.
However, it is not widely treated as a monetary base like gold.
Learned counsel would further urge that the High Court has rightly interfered with the judgment of acquittal and, therefore, there is no justification to dislodge the view expressed by the appellate court.
Short - toed eagles, tawny eagles, spotted eagles, lagger falcons and kestrels are the commonest of these.
The yield obtained by the flooding method is 110 kg / nali (22 q / acre).
Subsequent research and reflection by Howard Gardner and his colleagues has looked to three particular possibilities: a naturalist intelligence, a spiritual intelligence and an existential intelligence.
It is pleaded by some that the offence under s.498A should be made bailable at least with regard to husband’s relations.
If the offence is capable of being committed by omission, who all were under a duty to act?
If the offence is capable of being committed by omission, who all were under a duty to act?
In our country, Anemia is major public health problem in young children, adolescent girls and pregnant women.
Dr. Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar belonged to the historical genre of patriotic scientists like Homi Bhabha, C. V. Raman, and Satish Chandra, who envisioned India 's self reliance in infrastructural areas.
The “compromise  and “concession  made and effected by issuing circular No.25/99 dated 8th June, 1999 must be understood to have come to an end with the introduction of the new electricity regime by the 2003 Act unless extension of the same has been explicitly made/recognized in any of the tariff orders, which fact is conspicuously absent.
As far as is concerned, it is imperative to mention that dynamism can, of course, infuse life into life and liberty as used in the said Article.
Both sub-articles must be read together to determine their content.
It is, therefore, difficult to accept the argument that the occupiers in the present case blindly accepted the assessment of the inspecting and licensing authorities.
The provisions of The Army Act, 1950, The Navy Act 1957 are similar in nature to that of in The Air Force Act, 1950 providing for the option of the execution of the death penalty by being shot at death’.
Thereafter only the goods can stand ascertained when the owner can actually verify the engine number and chassis number of the vehicle of which he gets possession.
O.S. 7018/2004 in the negative.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee will present the National Sports Awards at a function at Rashtrapati Bhavan tomorrow (August 29, 2015).
Over the years our CPSEs have developed a certain way of doing business.
Lloyd Metals.
Assuming, without deciding, that these offences could be said to have been committed in the course of the same transaction, the separate trial of the appellant for certain specific offences is not illegal.
In view of the above, it is evident that a pistol had been sold by Firoz (A-39) to the appellant (A-122), and that it had been the accused (A-39), who had taught the appellant how to use the cartridges.
The questions which fell for consideration therein were that if a person was eligible for pension at the time of his retirement and if he survives till the time of subsequent amendment of the relevant Pension Scheme, whether he would become entitled to enhanced pension or would become eligible to get more pension as per the new formula of computation of pension.
The questions which fell for consideration therein were that if a person was eligible for pension at the time of his retirement and if he survives till the time of subsequent amendment of the relevant Pension Scheme, whether he would become entitled to enhanced pension or would become eligible to get more pension as per the new formula of computation of pension.
The judgments of Atiabari and Automobile erred in reaching the concepts of direct and immediate impediment and compensatory Tax.
Though Study Centres would in turn employ demonstrators/lecturers, they were not on the payroll of JRN but course material would be provided by JRN.
Additionally, we would really be serving no public or societal interest in quashing a few dozen notifications under these circumstances.
Its effect was merely to provide an additional or alternative forum for adjudication of the disputes between cooperative societies and its employees, relating to employment, working conditions and disciplinary action.
Amrish and Archana were married to each other on 19.11.1995, and immediately turmoil in the marriage appears to have started, allegedly owing to dowry demands, the evidence of which is founded on contemporaneous letters written by her to her parents.
The Respondent, on the instructions of Indian Bank, purchased securities at a particular rate quoted by the Bank and sold them to Indian Railways Finance Corporation.
Alleging theft and misappropriation of all the documents No.1 to 54, the appellant Company filed the criminal complaint under , , read with IPC against respondents No.1 to 16 and in the said complaint, appellant was represented by Shri Samir Ganguly who is the Vice-President (Legal) of the appellant-company.
In these circumstances, it cannot be held that there is no evidence of demand of dowry “soon before the death .
In that case the Governor was of opinion that the Chief Minister had lost the confidence of the Legislative Assembly.
The Government is seized of this reality and has launched the Rajiv Awas Yojana in 2009 to provide houses to slum dwellers with title certificates.
If the original provisions were to be taken into consideration, according to the learned Attorney General, it would be apparent that the above Articles, expressed that the right to make appointments of Judges to the higher judiciary, being limited only to a “consultative  participation of the judiciary, was in the determinative domain of the executive.
But it pains me to see that Mother India is not respected by her own children when it comes to the safety of women.
Therefore, it can safely be concluded that it is not a chemical.
When asked whether there is any difference in Time Scale and Select Officers serving in the Army on the one hand and Air Force on the other, learned counsel for the appellants was unable to provide any satisfactory explanation for the dichotomy.
When asked whether there is any difference in Time Scale and Select Officers serving in the Army on the one hand and Air Force on the other, learned counsel for the appellants was unable to provide any satisfactory explanation for the dichotomy.
He kept us waiting for a long time.
Thus, we find this argument as a misplaced one.
The learned senior counsel further contends that a perusal of the documents on record, being the Cabinet Memo as well as the letters exchanged between TML and the West Bengal State Government would clearly show that the site of the project was chosen jointly by the State Government and TML as the best possible site for the project which was to be implemented by establishing the factory in consultation with each other.
Information and right to information are intended to be formidable tools in the hands of responsible citizens to fight corruption and to bring in transparency and accountability.
Information and right to information are intended to be formidable tools in the hands of responsible citizens to fight corruption and to bring in transparency and accountability.
BCCI also expresses difficulties in recognizing one of the three existing members in the States of Gujarat and Maharashtra as representing the said States while converting the Membership of the other two as associate members.
Note (1)If any clarification is sought by the Central Government on the recommendation of the Council, the same will be furnished by the Council forthwith, if necessary after conducting inspection.
Following aspects are clearly discernible from the reading of these provisions: The offences mentioned under all these Sections are of serious nature.
The legislation is expropriatory in character.
There is no such rule much less an absolute one that two years have to be added to the age determined by a doctor.
We must not be understood to mean that the crime committed by the appellant was not very grave or the motive behind the crime was not highly depraved.
It is true that this Court has to keep in mind the best interest of the child as the paramount consideration.
The ‘Doctrine of Equality’ which emerges from the concepts of justice, fairness must guide the State in the distribution/allocation of the same.
Courts are authorized to allow such special allowances, not to inflict a penalty on the unsuccessful party, but to indemnify the successful litigant for actual expenses necessarily or reasonably incurred in what are designated as important cases or difficult and extraordinary cases.  These observations were made at a time when S. 35-A of CPC was not there on the Statute book.
Furthermore, it needs to be determined whether the trial is said to be fully concluded even if the bifurcated trial in respect of the absconded accused is still pending consideration.
I therefore commend my amendment for the earnest consideration of the House.
That is not controverted.
In the aforesaid circumstances, even when there is a serious charge levelled against the appellant, that by itself should not be the reason to deny anticipatory bail when the matter is examined keeping in view other factors enumerated above.
In the aforesaid circumstances, even when there is a serious charge levelled against the appellant, that by itself should not be the reason to deny anticipatory bail when the matter is examined keeping in view other factors enumerated above.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has on Kargil Vijay Divas paid homage to the brave martyrs who sacrificed their lives defending Indian territory and lauded the courage and valour of the Indian armed forces.
No doubt about it that there have to be some reasons for rejection of the bid which are adequately present in the instant case as discussed hereinabove.
No doubt about it that there have to be some reasons for rejection of the bid which are adequately present in the instant case as discussed hereinabove.
Availability of legal aid service.
The obvious attempt is to exclude it from ‘gypsum in all its forms’ in Schedule IV of RVAT and create a separate Entry in Schedule V, whereafter it would naturally be governed by the tax rate applicable to the Entry in question.
The view expressed in the Circular dated 15th October, 1994 particularly clause 5(d) referred to and relied upon by the respondents does not come within the four corners of the understanding of the expression clerical error by this Court if it involves a survey and a re-survey as in this case.
While inserting in the Constitution, the Parliament was well aware about the functioning of the Union Territories and extent and controls of powers to be given to the Union Territories by constitutional amendment.
In the meanwhile, injured Narinder Singh was shifted to Community Health Centre, Ladwa by ASI Charan Dass (PW-11).
Election of a remedy for recovery of the amount would depend upon the choice of the award-holder.
On the other hand, it has been contended by the learned Solicitor General Mr. Ranjit Kumar for the respondents that the issue involved in these appeals relates to the prayer for re-allotment of the land on the premise that certain other housing societies/institutions were re-alloted the acquired land.
Accommodation will not be reserved without purchase of necessary journey ticket.
Cases cognizable by a criminal court cannot obviously be filed in the proposed Commercial Division because the Court is proposed to deal with civil cases.
The industry must also promote sustainable development by investing in technologies that safeguard the environment and stimulate growth while balancing economic needs and financial constraints.
In exceptional cases remote habitations in hilly areas even for 10 children an EGS school can be opened.
It has carried on the tremendous responsibility of economic development of the country.
No detailed enquiries are needed at this stage and the Assessing Officer should not embark upon scrutinizing the correctness or otherwise of the price of the international transaction at this stage.
No detailed enquiries are needed at this stage and the Assessing Officer should not embark upon scrutinizing the correctness or otherwise of the price of the international transaction at this stage.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee will inaugurate a cultural festival of the North East organized by Government of Meghalaya and sponsored by the North Eastern Council in New Delhi tomorrow (April 11, 2015).
Every such prisoner shall be confined in a cell apart from all other prisoners, and shall be placed by day and by night under the charge of a guard.
The doctrine of proportionality, which appears to be the premise whereupon the learned trial Judge as also the High Court laid its foundation for awarding death penalty on the appellant herein, provides for justifiable reasoning for awarding death penalty.
We thus feel that the Selection Board has not acted fairly and justly after applying mind to the original records and seems to have considered the applicant’s case with pre-disposed mind.
He denied that there was an agreement to sell the suit property in favour of the plaintiff and also denied of having received advance amount of Rs. 5000/-.
Revision applications were then filed before the Court of Sessions at Bombay challenging the jurisdiction of the Magistrate to entertain the complaints.
The objection inter-alia was that the execution case is barred by law of limitation and that the suit land is a Khasmahal land of the Government.
The objection inter-alia was that the execution case is barred by law of limitation and that the suit land is a Khasmahal land of the Government.
It means that the party must disclose all the facts to other party for due deliberation.
Not having found malafides or perversity in the technical expert reports, the principle of judicial restraint kicks in, and any appreciation by the Court itself of technical evaluation, best left to technical experts, would be outside its ken.
Some indications of this are available in SAARC documents.
But, when an opinion of this Court is sought by the executive taking recourse to a constitutional power, needless to say, the same stands on a different footing altogether.
In the case at hand also there is no such accusation against the appellant that the certificate was false, fabricated or manipulated by concealment or otherwise.
Onbehalf of the appellant, an argument was advanced that since both the vehicles were insured with the same insurance company viz., United India Insurance Company and since of the Motor Vehicles Act is a beneficial legislation, the insurance company ought to have been held liable to indemnify the insured.
He was speaking at the banquet hosted in the honour of the President of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, Mr. Hamid Karzai today (November 12, 2012).
It is, of course, not necessary to enquire into every last detail as, for instance, whether the prisoner intended to have the bowels fall out, or whether he intended to penetrate the liver or the kidneys or the heart.
These days when crime is looming large and humanity is suffering and the society is so much affected thereby, duties and responsibilities of the courts have become much more.
Explanation: In this section and section 5, - (a) institution or continuation of civil or criminal proceedings does not include proceedings instituted or continued under Article 226 of the Constitution of India.
Compared to the early Omni-vans and Gypsies that were used as ambulances, the CATS Ambulances are more 30 spacious and have medical facilities fitted inside the ambulances.
The principle of interpretation that an expression used in a rule or bye-law framed in exercise of power conferred by a statute must have the same meaning as is assigned to it under the statute has no application in a situation such as the present one where the meaning of an expression occurring in a statute is itself to be determined.
The principle of interpretation that an expression used in a rule or bye-law framed in exercise of power conferred by a statute must have the same meaning as is assigned to it under the statute has no application in a situation such as the present one where the meaning of an expression occurring in a statute is itself to be determined.
Pointing out that the number of central institutions nearly doubled, from 55 to 106 during the Eleventh Plan period, the President expressed concern about the quality of education.
It was noted that for the sales taking place between the appellant and its dealer after the sale target was achieved, the dealer would get the articles on the discounted price but for the sales that had taken place before the sale target was achieved, the manufacturer would issue credit notes in favour of the dealer.
He actively participated in Bhoodan movement in 1957 and donated a well-established farm in village Pasna, District Allahabad.
In this case at hand, we cannot close our eyes to what has happened; regardless of guilt or the asserted persuasiveness of the evidence, the aspect wherein the police has actively connived to suppress the facts, cannot be ignored or overlooked.
The provision contained in Section 10(1)(d) is expressly clear that the State Commission may receive complaints in relation to the matters specified therein and on receipt of such complaints take up the matter with the authorities concerned for appropriate remedial measures.
Accordingly the directions by the Government in order dated 3.11.2009 and by the Director on 15.7.2010 for physical verification be construed in the aforesaid manner.
Discussion on the subject at the tripartite Indian Labour Conferences revealed a consensus of opinion in favour of legislation.
I thank you for your gracious words. It is indeed a pleasure and a great honour for me to be here on this first ever State Visit by a President of India to New Zealand.
The respondent no. 1 herein, Gupta Coal India Ltd., undertook only 15 voyages and that resulted in disputes which ultimately stood referred to arbitration.
Accordingly it allowed the appeals and set aside the respective judgments of acquittal and remanded the cases to courts concerned directing retrial.
Accordingly it allowed the appeals and set aside the respective judgments of acquittal and remanded the cases to courts concerned directing retrial.
It is submitted that the respondent had failed to discharge such burden imposed by law.
The petitioner, however, complains that in spite of his exclusive right to use the design of the said watches the respondent nos.1 to 10 are selling watches with design which are identical and/or deceptively similar to the registered design of his said watches, as well as getup, style, look, colour combination and configuration of the said watches.
For instance, the income tax or excise tax or sales tax are taxes which generate revenue which can be utilised by the Union or the State Governments for any purpose e.g. for payment of salary to the members of the armed forces or civil servants, police, etc.
In India the word 'liberty' has been qualified by the word 'Personal', indicating thereby that it is confined only to the liberty of the person.
The most imposing feature of the Diwan - e - Aam is the alcove in the back wall where the emperor sat in state on a richly carved and inlaid marble platform.
Calcutta Pilots Act, Act 12 of 1859 Category: Criminal Justice Recommendation: Repeal The Act envisages setting up a Court for the trial of pilots, who were employed in the Hooghly Pilot Service of the Port of Calcutta, and were accused of breach of duty.
FORM 26 submitted by him before Election Officer showing details of moveable & immovable properties etc.
There was no express mention of any commercial launch date.
According to lender banks, HSIIDC had not kept up its commitment and has not honoured the consensus arrived at between the lender banks and HSIIDC regarding the termination payment of Rs.1300.00 crores and committed breach of contract.
Though, in the teeth of the sequential findings of guilt of the courts below, normally, reappraisal of the evidence is otherwise uncalled for, we are impelled to embark upon that exercise, having regard to the rival assertions in the unique facts and circumstances of the case.
Ordinarily each bench to be composed of aJ udicial Member and a Techni- cal Member, {t also envisages a special bench to be set up in respect of certain specified appeals.
We have considered all the relevant aspects of the case.
Further, it is this state of ‘accused x’ that obliges the State to act as parens patriae.
In the present case, the debtor did not choose to file an application for setting aside the sale in terms of Rule 38(4) of the Rules at all.
For those making profit in the private healthcare sector, there is no incentive to provide such treatment.
The Presidential Awards for Classical Tamil were instituted to give recognition and honour to distinguished scholars who have made outstanding contribution to Classical Tamil language and literature.
We agree with the findings recorded by the Commissioner (Appeals).
It plays a significant part in helping the people to have access to free flow of information.
It was a case where the detention order was challenged at the pre-execution stage before the High Court and the High Court had stayed the execution of the order and the matter was pending for some time.
This provision seeks to remove jurisdictional constraints, such as the forum non conveniens rule, that might restrict the hearing of such cases in the Home State on grounds that there is a more suitable forum to hear the case.8+ Such a provision has come 83 SADC Model, available at http://www.iisd.org/itn/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/SADC- Model-BIT-Template-Final.pdf 84 TISD Model, available at http://www.iisd.org/itn/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/SADC- Model-BIT-Template-Final.pdf 36 up in context of ‘foreign direct liability cases’ such as the Bhopal case filed in the United States and the Cape litigation in United Kingdom.
This scheme is expected to improve the standard of living of the poor women apart from providing equal opportunities.
This scheme is expected to improve the standard of living of the poor women apart from providing equal opportunities.
The instant controversy, it was pointed out, could not be dealt with like a dispute concerning immovable property, wherein, on the culmination of the lis, the property can be restored to the rightful owner.
The convict’s mercy petition was decided on 1.3.2013, by which time he had spent 27 years in custody, of which about 21 years were under a death sentence.
In 2009, India significantly expanded its network of economic and technical cooperation.
The power of pardon is essentially an executive action, which needs to be exercised in the aid of justice and not in defiance of it.
More than a month after execution of the aforesaid agreement, the appellant, on 30th January, 2015, wrote to the respondent that they were withholding payments against invoices raised by the respondent, as the respondent had disclosed on their webpage that they had worked for the “Nach Baliye  program run by Star TV, and had thus breached the NDA.
Further, the High Court awarded a sum of [pic]30,000/- towards loss of consortium and [pic]20,000/- each towards loss of love and affection by the minor children.
When refers to the freedom of trade, it is necessary to enquire what freedom means.
Mr. Sachin Kumar Sharma, Advocate, for the accused applicants.
They are not thereby converted into courts of civil judicature.
According to them, the court cannot travel beyond IPC which deals with punishments.
I have heard arguments on behalf of the complainant and perused the record.
Here, the petitioner seeks to cover its case under the third category with the plea that insofar as the State Government is concerned, it had issued 'Letter of Intent'.
On 28 July 2011, the appellant received an order of appointment as a Probationary Officer with the Bank.
On 28 July 2011, the appellant received an order of appointment as a Probationary Officer with the Bank.
Thereafter, it decided to take up the issue of illegal termination of services of the concerned workmen by the appellant-Company.
It would be relevant to mention that the argument raised about certain lands of IAS & IPA officials being selectively left-out is without any substance.
Rule 6(2) provides for an exemption to existing registered medical practitioners conducting ultrasound procedures in a genetic or ultrasound clinic or imaging centre subject to qualifying in the competency based assessment.
The landowners will not be required to refund any amount.
All risks and responsibilities for performance of the Contract at all times were of eFunds US only.
All risks and responsibilities for performance of the Contract at all times were of eFunds US only.
Levy of Entry Tax was validated by virtue of Act, 2007, hence there is no liability to pay any interest for the period prior to 24.09.2007, on which date, the Act was passed.
This results in a denial of the self.
Thus, technology graduates like you will play a pivotal role in understanding and furthering the relationship between science, technology and society for a better tomorrow.
Sections 257, 258 deal with procedure for resignation and removal of members by the Governor-General, including the Judge for inability or misbehaviour.
Pursuant to this Reference, the Law Commission set up an expert committee to study the proposed amendments and make suggestions accordingly.
Objective: maintain public confidence in the system, protect depositors' interest and provide cost - effective banking services to the public.
The figures of strike for the years 2011-2016 in the subordinate courts are alarmingly high.
The law of contempt must be judiciously pressed into service, and must not be used as a tool to seek retribution.
The jurisdiction of this Court is limited in this aspect.
The size and shape of the pond depends upon the availability of land and type of production.
Mr. Justice V.Gopala Gowda pronounced the judgment of the Bench comprising His Lordship and Hon'ble Mr. Justice C.Nagappan.
Mr. Justice V.Gopala Gowda pronounced the judgment of the Bench comprising His Lordship and Hon'ble Mr. Justice C.Nagappan.
The correctness of the award was challenged by the respondent-Department by filing a writ petition before the single Judge of the High Court urging certain legal grounds and questioned the correctness of the finding and reasons recorded by the Labour Court on the contentious points in the award holding that the workman has rendered 240 days of work in a calendar year and he has continuously worked from 1987 to 1992 and prayed for setting aside the same as it is erroneous in law by placing strong reliance upon the Circular instructions dated 28.9.2012 and 23.10.2013 in relation to the industrial dispute cases for awarding compensation of Rs.2,500/- for the hardship and difficulties suffered by the workman.
In the evening he learnt that Chanda had been set on fire.
Anoop Kumar Verma did not hear the conversation between the appellant and the complainant-Jai Bhagwan.
At the time of applying for the said post, your trade was having critical manning, also you had not completed 15 or 18 years of service which is mandatory for applying for Group –“C  Govt posts and equivalent posts in PSUs.
They achieved an average yield of 65 - 70 kg even in the summer, in the States of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu.
His daughter was also a student of the same school as the deceased.
The object of was simpler and swifter trial procedure.
The Trial Court passed a fresh order granting opportunity of hearing to the complainant.
There are two reasons due to which we are unable to accept the request of the appellant to consider the case of bail of the appellant in present proceeding.
From 2013 to 2015, ASCPL has paid interest of Rs.58.81 crores @ 17 percent, which is a highly abnormal rate.
The word “morality  has to be interpreted as constitutional morality but not the speeches from the pulpit by some.
Take up the tasks and help the Government in taking its policy goals and implementation forward through your individual action.
He submits that the memo of arrest is a fabricated document which shows that the appellant Dinesh was arrested at the bus stand Jagat Puri at 08:00 PM.
On 2.4.2010 the members of the family of my matrimonial home forcibly sent me to the house of my parents in Ganj Basoda along with my brother Deepak.
The only inference that is possible from this is that the office- bearers of the societies had entered into unholy alliance with the respective agents for the purpose of making money, as submitted for the petitioners otherwise, there is no reason as to why such an agreement should have been brought about by the office-bearers of the society and the agents.
Appearing for some of the assessees Mr. Venkatraman argued that the was a classic example of the Union exercising its power under of Part XIII.
It is a rule of estoppel by judgment based on the public policy that there should be a finality to litigation and no one should be vexed twice for the same cause.
As mentioned earlier, Petitioner No. 1 is the Lokayukt appointed under the provisions of the Lokayukta Act exercising powers and functions as provided under the Act.
Though Ghanshyam Pawar chased the other assailants but they ran away.
It is incumbent on us all who hold constitutional positions to maintain the sanctity of this sacred text.
The application seeking remand had sought to make out a case for custody of the accused.
Services BV coordinates efforts of various firms across the globe to develop superior global common standard.
The Tribunal, as well as the learned Single Judge of the High Court have recorded a categorical finding of fact to the effect that initiation of departmental enquiry against the appellant had been done with malafide intention to harass him.
He also points out that the SNDT study indicates that many dancers came from environments/employments where they had been exploited (maid servants, factory workers, etc.).
He also points out that the SNDT study indicates that many dancers came from environments/employments where they had been exploited (maid servants, factory workers, etc.).
In other words, while the status of the NCT would be of a Union territory, it nonetheless had a special status within the class of Union Territories.
We have already held that given the fact that the expression “allowed  is of wide amplitude, yet the other expressions in as construed by us would exclude tips from its purview.
Well in its premises and such other aspects as mentioned in the contract.
Now in cases tried by the Sessions Court, there is no limitation as to the Court’s power to award any punishment sanctioned by law including the capital punishment.
The Court thereafter addressed the issue of scope and ambit of jurisdiction of a quasi-judicial body whose jurisdiction is defined in such as “as it deems fit .
This authority is directly on the point in issue.
Referring to Minerals Concession Rules, 1960 framed under of MMDR Act, 1957, it is submitted that even though Rule 13(f) refers to mining application with regard to land of which minerals vest in persons other than the Government, he submits that this provision shall not apply for owner when he himself carries on the mining, the question of taking lease may arise when owner of the land give land to some other person to mine the minerals.
Hence, in view of the aforesaid reasons, the submissions made by Mr. Naphade, learned Amicus Curiae, in justification of the Award passed by the CGIT is based on the terms and conditions laid down in the Awards passed by the NIT (by Justice Tulpule and Justice Jamdar) in favour of the workmen for absorption as they have been rendering their service to the Corporation in the perennial nature of work for a number of years and hence, the High Court was not justified in interfering with the said Award passed by the CGIT.
The appellant remained under suspension for 11 months and was dismissed from service for about 19 months.
The first session of the Indian National Congress was held in Bombay in December 1885 under the president ship of Womesh Chandra Banerjee and was attended among others by and Badr-uddin-Tyabji.
When the conviction is under IPC (with or without the aid of or 149 or 120B of ) if the Sessions Judge does not propose to impose death penalty on the convicted person it is unnecessary to proceed to hear the accused on the question of sentence.
It is in her evidence that her income depends upon the project.
Thrust Areas (Priority wise): The Horticulture (fruits including nuts, vegetables including potato, tuber crops, mushroom, ornamental plants including cut flowers, spices, plantation crops and medicinal and aromatic plants) has become a key drivers for economic development in many of the states in the country and it contributes 30.4 per cent to GDP of agriculture, which calls for technology-led development, where Division of Horticulture of ICAR is playing a pivotal role.
Moreover, he did not support the prosecution case in full and was declared as hostile.
Greater attention to need based programmes.
Upon these considerations rests the doctrine of laches.
The exemption in respect of Wills made by Muslims under the parent Act was due to the Muslim Personal Law.
The exemption in respect of Wills made by Muslims under the parent Act was due to the Muslim Personal Law.
It constitutes a matter of their faith.
The President said over the last decade, two countries bilateral relations have evolved into a global partnership, which President Obama rightly described as ‘one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century’.
There is nothing on record to show that he had at that time projected his qualifications other than what he possessed.
Clause 70 could not, in our opinion, have meant to be only a wooden or lifeless formality of indicating whether the claim is accepted or rejected.
Clause 70 could not, in our opinion, have meant to be only a wooden or lifeless formality of indicating whether the claim is accepted or rejected.
They also envisage the investment incentives and schemes.
Other members have no right of management nor to contract loans binding on the joint - family property.
Law which deprives a person of property but does not transfer ownership of the property or right to possession of the property to the State or a corporation owned or controlled by the State is not a law for compulsory acquisition or requisition.
Be it noted, after the offer was cancelled, another advertisement was published which was also assailed by the appellant before the Gujarat High Court which also did not meet with any success.
Be it noted, after the offer was cancelled, another advertisement was published which was also assailed by the appellant before the Gujarat High Court which also did not meet with any success.
The right of the State or the sovereign to its or his own property is absolute while that of the subject or citizen to his property is only paramount.
Generally, a person can only get HSV - 2 infection during sexual contact with someone who has a genital HSV - 2 infection.
In the ultimate eventual the appeals stand allowed.
Become an active stakeholder in the governance process.
The case against Justice Ramana was withdrawn almost 10 years ago.
But, we would like to examine what was said in that case on the issue of this disease, schizophrenia -: These symptoms occur during acute or psychotic phases of the illness, but may improve during periods of remission.
Ram Bilas died during the pendency of the writ petition, whose heirs were brought on record.
As per the terms, interest on these bonds ceased to accrue from September6, 2000 or September 6, 2003, as the case may be and the redemption amounts have been paid to the investors claiming the same.
A crime even if perpetrated with extreme brutality may not constitute “terrorist activity  within the meaning of Section 3(1) of TADA.
The plaintiffs filed the appeal before the High Court taking the plea that by virtue of Section 85 of the Act, the Civil Court failed to have any jurisdiction in the matter and, therefore, judgment and decree passed by the learned Additional District Judge was without jurisdiction.
The plaintiffs filed the appeal before the High Court taking the plea that by virtue of Section 85 of the Act, the Civil Court failed to have any jurisdiction in the matter and, therefore, judgment and decree passed by the learned Additional District Judge was without jurisdiction.
Since all the formulated issues are premised on suppression of facts and since in this case there is no suppression of facts it is not necessary for us to defer the judgment of this case till the reference is answered by a larger Bench.
Reports of KV Singh EE Electrical PWD (PW 35/A), Report of Electrical Inspector, NCT, Shri K.L. Grover (PW 24/A), Report of Dr. Rajinder Singh (CFSL) (PW 64/B)] have been referred to by the appellant CBI in their appeal.
Clean, fresh and nutritious food is vital for the physical and mental health of our people.
The Collector, therefore, taking into account all these factors considered it proper to classify the land on the basis of 2004-2005 revenue records in two heads for determining the compensation.
For this purpose, she contrasted Item 16 with Items 22 and 24 of the Fifth Schedule.
On this, Bentham argued: Lastly, Bentham tested sodomy laws on whether they cause danger to society.
Global move to abolish death sentence.
It was also claimed that a T.S. No.211 of 1990 was pending before 3rd Munsiff at Alipore filed by respondent No.1, in which he claimed right and title of the suit premises on the basis of adverse possession.
Power of attorney in favour of the authorised representative.
Firstly, the above convention was breached, when A.N. Ray, J., was appointed as Chief Justice of India on 25.4.1973, by superseding three senior most Judges.
Their names are Mohit Chhabra and Bhura.
Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, if a party so requests or if the arbitral tribunal considers it necessary, the expert shall, after delivery of his written or oral report, participate in an oral hearing where the parties have the opportunity to put questions to him and to present expert witnesses in order to testify on the points at issue.
Hence, we have no doubt in her mind that the present writ petition challenging the charge memo is not barred by res judicata.
On 9.8.2001 the accused/respondent was arrested by the Investigating Officer near Kanakadurga Temple.
Twenty one million passengers travel daily on Indian Railways using the unreserved journey facility.
Data of OPD attendance and Laboratory & X-ray investigations provided by the Institute appear to be inflated.
Sanjay Gandhi P.G. Institute (FA No.478/2005) held that “in view of the fact that several doctors and paramedical staff of the appellant institute were involved, it is the appellant institute which has to be held vicariously liable to compensate the complainant to the above extent.
The presence of Law Minister as a member of the NJAC ensures accountability to public.
In the present case an advocate commissioner was appointed for holding local inspection of the suit property.
Sub- brings within the fold of laws, all Rules, Regulations, Notification, custom and usage having the force of law.
These aspects can be taken care of by the respondents by providing appropriate mechanism.
Originally Partha Mukherjee was employed as Sales Manager/Regional Manager with Colgate Palmolive (India) Limited, at Bombay.
Ajay Kumar stated that on seeing them the appellant Kale told Rizwan that Ravinder had beaten him and therefore they should settle score with him.
The situations that arose in Bhupendra Kumar Bose and Venkata Reddy were not physically irreversible though reversing them may have been burdensome.
Movement of the lips, mouth and face may be impaired.
The Government of India Act, 1935 partially changed the procedure for the appointment of judges to the High Courts and introduced a procedure for the appointment of judges to the Federal Court constituted by the said Act. and dealt with the appointment of judges of the Federal Court and while the Crown continued to make the appointments (apparently without any formal consultation process), their tenure was fixed at the age of 65 years.
Not only that, the Courts below have concurrently held that Sushil Ansal was exercising a high degree of financial control over the affairs of the company and the cinema owned by him.
It is well known that one of the objects which the federation sought to achieve was the abolition of restrictions on trade between the Colonies, and of the diversity in the different States of tariffs and border regulations; this was described as “the old inter- colonial trade war.
The learned counsel for the petitioners submits that the facts of the case would also show how difficult it is for a person to fight with might of the State and delinquent officers it wants to protect and how in spite of the direction passed by this Court, repeated attempts are being made to somehow give benefit to the applicant on one pretext or the other.
After about a year, Muhammad Ghori came again to avenge his defeat.
The High Court initially declined to pass an interim order in the said appeal.
As against this, when it comes to performance security, the PWD Circular of 12.02.2016 and its corrigeneda have alone to be followed in the case of performance security.
In the case on hand, since mo special law or local law was attracted and the accuses were charged only for the offence under, gets attracted along with ‘third’ .
The correctness of the said claim is examined by us with reference to the documents in Ann.
If he thought that the dead body was suddenly withdrawn and he was keen on X-raying it, then he ought to have written a letter to that effect to the Commissioner of Police and to the hospital authorities and he ought to have made complaint against PW-81 IO Niranjan Singh.
Co. v. Blaikie.
Above all, the privacy of the individual recognises an inviolable right to determine how freedom shall be exercised.
The Chairman was given yet another extension in 2000 to make him the longest serving Chairman.
They have to faithfully discharge their duties to elongate public purpose.
The delay in said cross-examination, as we have stated earlier had given enough time for prevarication due to many a reason.
The delay in said cross-examination, as we have stated earlier had given enough time for prevarication due to many a reason.
Other genetic disorders are inherited.
The trial Court also found that no offence under IPC was made out against the accused persons, including the appellant.
If seat is in London, then challenge to the award would also be in London.
The said order became the subject matter of special leave petition which was dismissed as withdrawn.
Thus, any observation in the said Report as to the non-requirement of Wage Boards generally, cannot be the basis for not complying with the statutory obligations under the Act.
It is submitted that Urban Improvement Trust might have been earlier getting benefit of wide definition of local authority prior to amendment by , 2002 but after amendments in by , 2002, Urban Improvement Trust is no longer included in the definition of local authority.
This is not a case where their claims were distinct claims.
To support upgradation of ICT infrastructure of MSMEs in the selected clusters, a one - time subsidy of 25 per cent, (subject to the prescribed ceiling,) will be provided to the MSMEs on the institutional finance availed by them for procurement of ICT related hardware and software.
The proceedings may be carried out in continuation of earlier proceedings.
This Court directed the State “to make and publish an award in respect of the said land within twelve weeks from today .
This famous terminal also displays the beauty of late 19th century railway architecture in the British Commonwealth characterized by its advanced structural and technical solutions.
The High Court held, that these statements could not be admitted, as they were statements of living persons, who had not been examined as witnesses in the case.
The High Court held, that these statements could not be admitted, as they were statements of living persons, who had not been examined as witnesses in the case.
Genesis During World War-II, 'Home Guards'- a voluntary citizen organization for local defence was raised in the United Kingdom.
Evaluation of Outcomes of the NIOS programmes.
Accordingly, it was held that even though the five categories of crime (manner of commission of murder, motive for commission of murder, anti-social or socially abhorrent nature of the crime, magnitude of crime and personality of victim of murder) delineated in Machhi Singh provide very useful guidelines, nonetheless they could not be taken as inflexible, absolute or immutable.
They have witnessed the brutish crime committed and there is nothing on record to discard their testimony as untrustworthy.
PW1-Kamla Rai is the brother of deceased Kailash Rai.
The Court also laid down that the administrative authority should ensure that recruitment process should be initiated during the vacancy year itself.
They are advised to see that site at work before tendering.
It is enforced by the State Governments through their factory inspectorates.
In the case of , (2002) 1 SCC 567, this Court held that in order to confer jurisdiction on a High Court to entertain a writ petition it must disclose that the integral facts pleaded in support of the cause of action do constitute a cause so as to empower the court to decide the dispute and the entire or a part of it arose within its jurisdiction.
Later Asokan went in search of Hadiya and came to know from one Ms. Archana that Hadiya was living at the house of Aboobacker.
Reliance was then placed on the dictum in paragraphs 23 and 25 in the case of Shetty (supra) to contend that inaction or intentional conduct of the debtor does not extricate the Bank from following mandatory conditions including proper valuation of the property.
I am confident that central institutions like NITs will spur the development of our nation through the collective development of her regions.
The discretion conferred by this statute was exercised in a case Lodder v. Lodder (1921 New Zealand Law Reports 786).
After initial resistance, the Government of Kerala nominated one Member to the Expert Committee.
The Trial Court after proper appreciation of evidence on record by its judgment and order dated 13.11.2003 acquitted both the appellants of all the charges levelled against them holding that the prosecution case against the appellants/accused persons is not free from reasonable doubt.
The clause protecting the secrecy of correspondence was thus dropped on the ground that it would constitute a serious impediment in prosecutions while the protection against unreasonable searches and seizures was deleted on the ground that there were provisions in of Criminal Procedure, 1898 covering the area.
In the Middle Ages, torture was included in the proceedings of the Catholic Church in the ‘Spanish Inquisition’, which employed it to obtain confessions.® 1.6 History reveals that various known warriors and emperors were subjected to torture such as thumbscrews after they had lost the battles.
In the said decision, the learned Judge relying upon earlier decision of Supreme Court as well as some of the decisions http://www.judis.nic.in of this Court has held that the date of retirement is irrelevant and the revised scheme would be operative from the date mentioned in that scheme and would bring under its umbrella all existing pensioners who retired prior to the specified date and their pension would be computed afresh and would be payable in future commencing from the specified date.
When the amount due was not paid due to a termination of the contract, the worker filed a criminal case against the appellant for criminal breach of trust.
When the amount due was not paid due to a termination of the contract, the worker filed a criminal case against the appellant for criminal breach of trust.
12.22 The north-eastern states are required to provide only 10 per cent from their resources as their share for SSA.
12.22 The north-eastern states are required to provide only 10 per cent from their resources as their share for SSA.
But the provision of limitation of 60 days contained in sub-section (3) created an obstacle in the straight application of the well- established principle of law.
A number of learned counsel who had appeared in support of the petitioners’ claim, that the practice of ‘talaq-e-biddat’ was un-Islamic, and that this Court needed to pronounce it as such, invited our attention to a set of ‘hadiths’, to substantiate their position.
The courts below further erred in not considering the fact that the complainant/respondent No. 1 had earlier filed a complaint, with same set of facts, before the Deputy Commissioner, Dakshin Kannada, Mangalore, and the same was sent to Police Station Suratkal for investigation, and the Circle Inspector, after investigation, did not find any offence to have been committed by the appellants, as the dispute was purely of civil in nature.
The essential legislative function is the determination of the legislative policy and its formulation as a rule of conduct.
The essential legislative function is the determination of the legislative policy and its formulation as a rule of conduct.
On 13th June, 1889, the British Resident in Mysore thought it appropriate to remind the Dewan of Mysore that the British Resident could not accept the Dewan‘s stand and that Mysore had the right to utilize to the fullest extent the natural water forces flowing through its territory.
Contention of the respondents is that there was a parity of pay scales of the posts of Internal Auditors and Head Clerks for about two decades and while so, the order dated 03.10.1990 issued by the appellant-Board revising the pay scale of Head Clerks from Rs.1640-2925 to Rs.2000-3500 has disturbed the long-standing parity of pay scales of the posts of Head Clerks and the Internal Auditors.
It also seems to us to be plain that instead of setting aside or reducing the sting of the sentence the Deputy Judge-Advocate General has opined, without any statutory authority, that the Summary Court Martial itself should be set aside and the Accused/Respondent be relieved of all consequences of trial.
It also seems to us to be plain that instead of setting aside or reducing the sting of the sentence the Deputy Judge-Advocate General has opined, without any statutory authority, that the Summary Court Martial itself should be set aside and the Accused/Respondent be relieved of all consequences of trial.
The question is no more res integra.
At the same time, the anti-exclusion principle postulates that where a religious practice causes the exclusion of individuals in a manner which impairs their dignity or hampers their access to basic goods, the freedom of religion must give way to the over-arching values of a liberal constitution.
After a detailed consideration of the submissions made by both sides and the evidence on record, we are in agreement with the judgment of the High Court that the Appellants are guilty of committing contempt of Court.
In this view of the matter, the evidence of PWs 5, 8 and 12 are found to be trustworthy and fully corroborated with each other on the point of alleged incident with regard to the involvement of the appellants herein.
Thereafter, the State of Maharashtra introduced a fresh provision vide amendment in the year 2014 referred to as Maharashtra Police (Second Amendment) Act, 2014 and added to the Maharashtra Police Act, 1951, while came to be deleted.
The proposal of Medical Council of India (MCI) to amend the Post Graduate Medical Education Regulations, which makes one year rural posting at the Public Health Centre (PHC) mandatory for a MBBS student to apply for admission in a PG course is not yet notified.
In cases relating to service in the Commercial Taxes Department, the High Court has directed that those engaged on daily wages, be paid wages equal to the salary and allowances that are being paid to the regular employees of their cadre in government service, with effect from the dates from which they were respectively appointed.
Perhaps the game plan is to disclose selective information and material that suits its interests (but not the interest of its citizens) and to withhold information and material that might be uncomfortable.
We had indicated that it was not the intention of the Hon'ble Judges in Alka Subhash Gadia's case to confine the challenge at the pre-execution stage only to the five exceptions mentioned therein, as that would amount to stifling and imposing restrictions on the powers of judicial review vested in the High Courts and the Supreme Court under Articles 226 and 32 of the Constitution.
Drugs and pharmaceutical industry plays a vital role in the economic development of a nation.
As has been repeatedly said, it cannot, and shall not, be the endeavour of this Court to evaluate the efficacy of auction vis-à-vis other methods of disposal of natural resources.
This Court referred to SMS Pharma-(1) and N. Rangachari and noted a slight departure in N. Rangachari in favour of the complainant from the view taken in SMS Pharma-(1) and further noted that ultimately the entire matter would boil down to an examination of the nature of averments made in the complaint.
The non-executability in question pertains to the jurisdiction of certain courts and not to the rights of the judgment- debtors.
If biometrics are captured it will lead to successful authentication.
Obviously, therefore, duty and other sums do not become “payable  without such machinery provisions.
The application shall be in writing and shall be numbered and registered as a suit between one or more of the parties 5 interested or claiming to be interested as plaintiff or plaintiffs and the remainder as defendant or defendants, if the application has been presented by all the parties, or, if otherwise, between the applicant as plaintiff and the other parties as defendants.
As per the report submitted by the VIIIth Additional District and Sessions Judge, Moradabad both the appellants (Mukarrab and Arshad) were major on the date of the incident.
The charges should be specific, definite and giving details of the incident which formed the basis of charges and no enquiry can be sustained on vague charges.
Law is not oblivious of this fact and sometimes allows society to be governed by customs within the foundation of law.
While the approval of the Government was still awaited, the Government appears to have framed fresh Regularisation Rules in supersession of the Rules of 2011.
On 17th February, 1993, A-29 was dropped by the said accused and Anwar along with other accused persons for their departure to Dubai.
The ability of a witness to give testimony in a judicial setting or to cooperate with law enforcement and investigations without fear of intimidation or reprisal is essential in maintaining the rule of law.
It was noticed that there was no whisper of any allegation relatable to the offences imputed at the place of stay of the complainant where the complaint had been filed.
India 's textiles and clothing export has observed ups and downs in recent times, initially due to appreciation of Indian Rupee in 2007 - 08 and subsequently on account of global meltdown.
An alternative contention was put forward that a single affidavit, satisfying the requirement of the Act, could also be filed.
The argument was that the absence of any provision against discriminatory taxation within a State must be understood to mean that taxes would generally be restrictions and unless the States take recourse to they cannot levy such taxes upon trade and commerce within their territorial limits.
He has also spent Rs.1,86,335/- towards registration fee and Rs.15,62,400/- towards stamp duty.
A situation arose under section 175(3) of the Government of India Act, 1935 a formal document was required to be executed which provision was pari materia to Article 299 of the Constitution.
Court held in AIR 1962 SC 113 that for a contract between Government and private individuals, formal document is necessary and where it is required that a thing shall be done in the prescribed manner or form but does not set out the consequences of non- compliance, the question whether the provision was mandatory or directory has to be judged in the light of the intention of the legislature as disclosed by the object.
Thereafter they took me to a farm house at village Brijwasan.
The appellant, after receiving the communication from his banker about the dishonour of Cheques, issued a handwritten notice (Annexure P4) to the respondent on 27th April, 2012 calling upon him to make the payment.
This principle has a special relevance in cases where in the guilt of the accused is sought to be established by circumstantial evidence.
Out of the wedlock of Muthammal, two daughters-Andal Ammal and Vijayalakshmi were born.
A Careful perusal of almost all the State enactments will show that the Organization was always meant to be voluntary and it consisted of people from all walks of life.
A Careful perusal of almost all the State enactments will show that the Organization was always meant to be voluntary and it consisted of people from all walks of life.
An endeavour should be made to ensure that real time data is duly compiled and made available online by the High Courts as part of the National Judicial Arrears Grid.
We cannot appreciate the above view.
In effect the second learned Single Judge has given his own understanding and meaning to the previous Order of a coordinate Bench of the High Court, which we find to be diametrically opposite to what stood articulated by the High Court in the previous writ proceedings.
In effect the second learned Single Judge has given his own understanding and meaning to the previous Order of a coordinate Bench of the High Court, which we find to be diametrically opposite to what stood articulated by the High Court in the previous writ proceedings.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee inaugurated the 125th Anniversary of the Chanchal Siddheswari Institution at Chanchal, Malda today (January 10, 2014).
This means that the officer does not go out of the picture after he has passed the order of detention.
The nomination of one of these eminent persons is reserved for persons belonging to the Scheduled Castes, the Scheduled Tribes, OBC, minorities or women.
Once the constitutional structure is shaken, democracy collapses.
It is also beyond dispute that the sale of the suit property in favour of the appellant was in breach of a specific order of injunction passed by the trial Court.
There are several myths and distortions surrounding Leprosy that are sought to be clarified in this Chapter.
Another principle which also applies is that an Act designed to protect the public against acts of a harmful character may be construed retrospectively, if the language admits such an interpretation, even though it may equally have a prospective meaning.
The caste rigidity breaks down and would stand no impediment to her becoming a member of the family to which the husband belongs and she gets herself transplanted.
That bid was accepted by the Company Judge.
The strategy should also examine the competition for the product as well as the response of the customers on a regular basis.
In case any of these deregistered aircrafts are subject matter of any court case between the owners/lessors and the airport operator, then the airport would take action as per the decision of the Court.
PHHL runs the helicopter services to the Kedarnath in the months of May - June and September - October every year.
Having identified the possible items to import, the source has to be identified.
Having been a Parliamentarian and public servant for over fifty years, I am , today, more convinced than ever , that a thorough deliberation - with due consideration of all shades of opinion - is the key to good policy making.
Accordingly, the weight of the machine was reduced, its wall thickness, size, and diameter of the stator and rotor altered to suit rural application.
The direction and in the findings of the Tribunal, therefore, cannot be faulted in the facts and circumstances.
Similarly, where the delegate of the legislature has failed to follow statutory procedures or to take into account factors which it is mandated by the statute to consider or has founded its determination of tariffs on extraneous considerations, the Court in the exercise of its power of judicial review will ensure that the statute is not breached.
Similarly, where the delegate of the legislature has failed to follow statutory procedures or to take into account factors which it is mandated by the statute to consider or has founded its determination of tariffs on extraneous considerations, the Court in the exercise of its power of judicial review will ensure that the statute is not breached.
Hukum had assaulted Roop Singh by blunt side of ballam.
In that case, this Court also said that provisions of the new Act have to be interpreted and construed independently and that in fact reference to the old Act may actually lead to misconstruction of the provisions of the new Act.
In that case, this Court also said that provisions of the new Act have to be interpreted and construed independently and that in fact reference to the old Act may actually lead to misconstruction of the provisions of the new Act.
For general areas the CFA would be 30% limited to Rs. 81 per Wp (with battery back - up) and Rs. 57 for systems (without storage battery).
The Trial Court granted him relief but the High Court turned down the divorce petition on the ground that the conduct of the wife did not fall within the parameters of ‘cruelty’ as defined in various judgments.
The essence remained essences only and because of the different proportion, a distinct flavour is imparted to the resultant product.
This was sought to be achieved by the Scheme, by making it feasible and attractive to industrial entrepreneurs to start and run industries in remote parts, by giving them a level playing field so that they could compete with their counterparts in central (non-remote) areas.
The tribunal posed a question whether the process of mixing of essences results in a distinct commodity, which was different from the original inputs.
Thus, the degrees in Engineering obtained by serving diploma holders through Open Distance Learning mode offered by certain Deemed to be Universities through “off campus Study Centres  have been found valid entitling the concerned candidates to benefits available for any serving graduate engineers by the High Court of Orissa whereas the decision rendered by the High Court of Punjab & Haryana is to the contrary.
No.4 is not a man of high integrity.
The city has been divided into 17 wards.
On 17.4.2006 the respondent specified the claims under various heads and also claimed payment to be made within seven days failing which it will invoke the arbitration clause.
She also owned a house where she was living.
From the side of defence, second accused was examined as DW1.
It gives him great pleasure to be associated with the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, one of Israel's largest research and teaching institutions.
CSB shall issue directions to all State/UT appropriate authorities to furnish quarterly returns to CSB giving a report on the implementation and working of the Act.
The President called on MHRD, UGC and the VCs to implement the recommendations of the conference in a time bound manner and said the Minister of HRD will take a meeting in June, 2015 to review achievement of deliverables.
For the petitioner: Mr. Rajesh Vats, Advocate.
Tae Hoon Park v. Republic of Korea, U.N. Doc. CCPR/C/64/D/628/1995. [Human Rights Committee].
So, we are of the view that the High Court and the Trial Court were not correct in arriving at the said finding.
While it is true that the Commission can never, even when its present meagre resources are astronomically increased become an exclusive body for preparing law reform proposals, there is need to accord some consultative status to the Commission when other law reform committees are set up by various Ministries, especially when these involve structural changes in the legal system.
When Mr Brijgopal H Loya complained of chest pain and restrosternal pain.
The said letter was addressed to Fatehkaran Mehdu in reply to his querry, as to whether, Kishan Singh Rawat was granted quarry licence for 80,000 Sq.
It was also pointed out by her, that on his return to Bombay, Partha Mukherjee started his independent business in aluminium products.
This is done only in the instance where the conduct in question is an offence in the place where it is committed and is also an indictable offence in Canada (principle of dual criminality).
No litigant has a right to unlimited drought upon the court time and public money in order to get his affairs settled in the manner as he wishes.
Use PKI infrastructure for secure transactions.
Further, there is no question of excessive delegation of power either, as guidance can be obtained from the Preamble of the Banking Regulation Act together with its provisions.
Further, there is no question of excessive delegation of power either, as guidance can be obtained from the Preamble of the Banking Regulation Act together with its provisions.
A wanton breach of the governing principles of law or procedure may well be indicative in a given case of a motivated, if not reckless disregard of legal principle.
There had been no reason to interfere with the order dated 06.04.2005 as issued by the appellant- Corporation.
According to the learned senior counsel, the contemplation of the demerger of the company did signal imminent cleavage of its vital assets to reduce it to a carcass for the unlawful gain of a selected few though unauthorisedly at the helm of affairs, warranting the substitution of Board of Directors by the ad hoc body as effected by the impugned order.
According to the learned senior counsel, the contemplation of the demerger of the company did signal imminent cleavage of its vital assets to reduce it to a carcass for the unlawful gain of a selected few though unauthorisedly at the helm of affairs, warranting the substitution of Board of Directors by the ad hoc body as effected by the impugned order.
However, in passing the said order, Government did not give any reason.
A distinction arises between active and passive euthanasia from the provisions.
Secondly, court-fee ought not to be viewed as a means to check vexatious litigation.
The omission or misdescription of these details in the FIR which was recorded most promptly, within three hours of the occurrence, would not tell on the prosecution case or the statements of the eyewitnesses with regard to the participation of the appellant in the crime.
The remedy lies in strictly enforcing the safeguards available against arbitrary arrests made by the police and not in allowing the police to avoid mandatory registration of FIR when the information discloses commission of a cognizable offence.
The policy has been issued in pursuance of powers delegated to it by the Ministry of Defence on 14 August 2001.
On the basis of the aforesaid findings, the suit of the appellants was dismissed.
Alternatively, the High Court could have remanded the matter to the Trial Court to determine the issue.
We act as Managing Trustee of such trusts as sole Managing Trustee or with other Advisory Trustees.
The Prescribed Authority by order dated 03.11.2010 dismissed the respondent's application and held that since the parties entered into an agreement dated 13.05.1993 for sale of the suit house, the appellant was not required to pay any monthly rent to the respondent inasmuch as according to him the relationship of the landlord and tenant between the parties has come to an end.
Under sub-Section (3) where the investigation is so assigned by the Central Government to SFIO, the investigation must be conducted in the manner and in accordance with the procedure provided in the Chapter and a report has to be submitted to the Central Government within such period as may be specified.
In other words, anything which affects the rights of the citizen in ordinary civil life.
Hence, it is submitted by the learned counsel that his evidence ought to be rejected.
Let us take the example of Edison.
On the issue of resignation of the appellant – Sunita Bhagat from the company, our attention was invited to the statement of DW3 – Yashpal, JTA, Registrar of Companies, Jalandhar.
For this purpose, ‘Sanchi' can be used and in future, by upgrading Temple Gaushala more, the milk may be brought directly from the Gaushala to the temple and the milk imported from outside sources may be strictly prohibited.
Serious allegation against the incumbent CM who also holds the charges of Finance, Planning and Disaster & Relief Ministries for gross misuse and embezzlement of relief funds under NDRF & SDRF.
Connecting the provision of limitation in Section 468 of the Code with issuing of process or taking of cognizance by the court may make it unsustainable and ultra vires Article 14 of the Constitution.
In this article there is a detailed discussion about the anti- tumoral properties of Imatinib and its methanesulfonate salt, i.e., Imatinib Mesylate.
The U.P. Municipalities Act provided for removal of the President so elected through the process of a no confidence motion moved by the Councilors who themselves, in turn, are elected representatives of the territorial divisions of the municipality.
Because it is the very essence of that religion and alterations will change its fundamental character.
Tax experts, leading tax advocates and speakers at symposia workshops and seminars broadly concurred in the same opinion but there was:vide divergence of views in the matter of remedial measures.
While raising aforesaid submission the basic concept of acquisition under 1894 Act is ignored and overlooked as right to receive compensation is a statutory right and that comes into being only when the Government takes possession of the property acquired.
Ms. Meenakshi Arora, learned Senior Counsel, argued that the Respondent pleaded in the election petition that the result of the election was materially affected by the improper acceptance of the nomination of the Appellant.
The Khadi & Village Industries Commission (KVIC), established under the Khadi and Village Industries Commission Act, 1956 (61 of 1956), is a statutory organization engaged in promoting and developing khadi and village industries for providing employment opportunities in rural areas, thereby strengthening the rural economy.
India needs to augment her power generation capacity to meet the ever - expanding energy needs of our growing economy.
India needs to augment her power generation capacity to meet the ever - expanding energy needs of our growing economy.
We do not think it necessary to deal with the aspect of oral evidence since the main allegation of corrupt practice is of publication of Exhibit-P1- leaflet apart from other evidence based on CDs.
To make the matters worse, the distributors of television channels have to pay as if all the channels in the bouquet are being watched by the entire subscriber base, when in fact only the popular channels will have high viewership.
To make the matters worse, the distributors of television channels have to pay as if all the channels in the bouquet are being watched by the entire subscriber base, when in fact only the popular channels will have high viewership.
I am confident that the law will be enacted.
The European Court specifically pointed out that the Convention did not use the word ‘reasonable’ but used the word ‘necessary’.
Return of income not to be filed in certain cases.
The Commission in its tariff order for financial year 2002-2003 had allowed employees cost of Rs.1274.66 crores with the rider that for the next year the employees' cost will be capped.
The Additional District Judge by setting aside the order of the City Magistrate regarding custody of the petitioner being given to Mrs. Asha Madho held that the petitioner being an adult is free to reside where she decides to live.
His contribution to the nation as a Member of Parliament was also noteworthy.
Currently, several projects are in progress in different parts of India.
The said amount be deposited with the Registrar of this court within the period of 45 days failing which the appeal shall stand dismissed on this deposit as well as other deposits stated above.
The Canadian Supreme Court unanimously ruled that the request for an IP address infringed the Charter's guarantee against unreasonable search and seizure.
It was further observed that the judgments of courts are not to be construed as statutes and the observations must be read in the context in which they appear to have been stated.
Thus, even if it is presumed that there was an understanding between the parties before entering into an agreement to the effect that benefit of deduction shall be extended to the appellant, that understanding vanished into thin air with the execution of the two PSCs.
This was primarily to sort out the problem of his daughter with her in-laws.
The first is the fairness of the procedure adopted in carrying out the survey and the second is with regard to acceptability of the technical part of the survey process.
It is also well known that certain courts have appellate jurisdiction while certain courts only have original jurisdiction.
The superior Courts and the Tribunal invoke the doctrine of proportionality which has been gradually accepted as one of the facets of judicial review.
Magistrate says that he has gone through the First Information Report.
India 's varied agro - climatic conditions are highly favourable for the growth of large number of horticultural crops, which occupy around 10 per cent of gross cropped area of the country producing 160. 75 million tonnes.
Power to make exemption, etc., in relation to certain Union territories.
My Government firmly believes that economic development and environmental protection can co-exist.
Nor is there anything to show how the husband received any benefit.
The Secretary of the District Legal Services Committee should attend each meeting of the Under Trial Review Committee and follow up the discussions with appropriate steps for the release of undertrial prisoners and convicts who have undergone their sentence or are entitled to release because of remission granted to them.
In conclusion, I congratulate the awardees and convey my best wishes to them for the future.
Rule 7(2) of the Business Rules of the Government of Goa states, that, a proposal which requires previous concurrence of the Finance Department under the said Rule, but in which the Finance Department has not concurred, may not be proceeded with, unless the Council of Ministers has taken a decision to that effect.
The Constitution also permits independent powers of taxation.
As a general rule, in view of , the repeal of a statute, which is not retrospective in operation, does not prima facie affect the pending proceedings which may be continued as if the repealed enactment were still in force.
Certain crops mature within one season, i. e., 3 to 4 months, some take two to three seasons whereas certain crops take a number of years to yield on commercial basis.
Undoubtedly, the amendment of sub-rule (6) of Rule 24A of the Mineral Concession Rules now provides, that the period of mining operations would be deemed to be extended for a maximum period of two years, after the expiry of the period of the original grant, unless of course, the State Government takes a conscious decision on the application for renewal.
The said Section also provides that where the notified order relates to a treaty State, it shall set out in full the extradition treaty with that State.
Nay, in the ordinary course, he would have been welcomed to that faith, as well as by his prospective wife’s family, making any opposition even by the latter totally improbable.
It would be right to say that Bassein beach is a sweet fusion of natural beauty with historical and religious significance.
On the above- mentioned legal principle, let us examine whether the High Court has correctly applied the legal principle in the instant case.
What the state is prevented from doing is couched in a negative sense.
Both appellant and respondent filed second appeal before the Board of Revenue against the judgment of the Additional Commissioner.
We have gone through these cases and find that all are distinguishable on facts.
In such a situation the issue would be different.
Justice Subba Rao widely referred to Section 92 of the Australian Constitution to hold that the Court will have to ascertain whether the impugned law in a given case affects the movement directly or indirectly.
The truck of Rashid Umar Alware (A-27) was carrying silver bricks and wooden boxes of square shape.
The truck of Rashid Umar Alware (A-27) was carrying silver bricks and wooden boxes of square shape.
State of Haryana11 and Jogendrasinghji Vijaysinghji vs State of Gujarat12, wherein the Court observed that the maintainability of Letters Patent Appeal would depend on the pleadings in the writ petition, nature and character of the order passed by the learned Single Judge and the type of directions issued, regard being had to the jurisdictional perspective in the constitutional context.
A provision for filing an appeal before the Industrial Tribunal / Labour Court in case of non - registration / restoration of registration has been provided.
This farmer uses Conoweeder for weeding.
There is no legal bar for both proceedings to go on simultaneously.
All the issues raised in the given case are of utmost critical concern for the whole of the country, as the decision on these issues will determine the procedure for awarding sentences in the criminal justice system.
The submissions have been advanced on behalf of the petitioners by learned senior Advocates, namely, Shri Kapil Sibal, Shri Gopal Subramanium, Shri P. Chidambaram, Shri Shyam Divan, Shri K.V. Viswanathan, Shri Neeraj Kishan Kaul, Ms. Meenakshi Arora, Shri C.U. Singh, Shri Anand Grover, Shri Sanjay R. Hegde, Shri Arvind P. Datar, Shri V.Giri, Shri Sajan Poovayya and Shri P.V. Surendra Nath.
In order to make available improved housing for the rural poor, the Government has substantially enhanced the assistance under Indira Awas Yojana by increasing it from Speech45, 000 to Speech70, 000 per unit in plain areas and from Speech48, 500 to Speech75, 000 per unit in hilly and difficult areas including Left Wing Extremism affected areas.
The State accounts for 12 per cent of the total textile exports from the country.
However, if there is, simultaneously, a complaint on the same facts before the Judicial Council, in addition to a reference, the Judicial Council can itself impose such ‘minor measures’ while disposing of the complaint.
The Tenant and Landlord shall within a period of one week from the filing of the compromise petition would vacate such area out of the property covered in the instant proceedings in their possession as is required for widening of the Abhayankar Road.
The participation need not in all cases be by physical presence.
The period under review was marked by several high - level visits.
In every legal system spanning our globe, jural opinion is unanimous to the effect that the Opening Bank cannot disregard, delay or dilute its responsibility to make payment strictly and promptly as obligated by the terms of the Letter of Credit.
In every legal system spanning our globe, jural opinion is unanimous to the effect that the Opening Bank cannot disregard, delay or dilute its responsibility to make payment strictly and promptly as obligated by the terms of the Letter of Credit.
With the aforesaid observations and directions both the Writ Petitions stand disposed off.
However, nothing turns on this as the outcome is not dependent on this aspect.
The arbitrator or an affiliate of the regularly advises one of appointing party even though the parties, or an affiliate of neither the arbitrator nor his one of the parties, but or her firm derives a neither the arbitrator nor significant financial income his or her firm derives a therefrom.
The following table lists the number of original side cases pending in each High Court.
The rejection order of the Minister came only in September, 2014 and the writ petition was filed shortly thereafter.
Submitting that the cut-off date fixed by Appellant Bank was in violation of Reserve Bank of India formula as well as was arbitrary and irrational, the respondent Nos.1 to 4 claimed full compensation against price rise on dearness relief.
The appeal is allowed in terms of the signed judgment.
The arrears be paid to the respective pensioners within a period of three months from today.
Both are essential to the health of democracy.
Democracy requires us to respect and develop the free spirit of human being which is responsible for all progress in human history.
These policy documents aims to motivate investors to invest into the various sectors of the State and thereby contribute to the overall development of the economy.
He might have been under a bona fide belief that he comes within the purview of notified category.
Experience shows, that Judges to every High Court are appointed in batches, each batch may have just two or three appointees, or may sometimes have even ten or more individuals.
Exemptions are allowed to industrial units to overcome the teething problems.
It is to be carefully thought whether at this stage it will be proper to pass any observation on a matter which is already pending before a competent Court of law.
It is to be carefully thought whether at this stage it will be proper to pass any observation on a matter which is already pending before a competent Court of law.
Our Constitution, in Article 41, which forms part of the Directive Principles calls upon the State to make effective provision for public assistance in cases of old age, within limits of its economic capacity and development.
It is only because the submissions advanced at the hands of the learned counsel for the appellants, deserved to be clarified, that we have demonstrated the position through the illustration referred to hereinabove.
It is only because the submissions advanced at the hands of the learned counsel for the appellants, deserved to be clarified, that we have demonstrated the position through the illustration referred to hereinabove.
In this scheme, no penalty should be imposed for failure to attain the perscribed standards by the due date. Facilities for Hindi training may continue to be provided free of cost to the trainees.
During the year 2007 - 08 (April - December), the industry decelerated at 3. 49%.
This submission of Mr. Shyam Divan is wholly misconceived in the facts and circumstances of this case.
The power of relaxation is generally contained in the Rules with a view to mitigate undue hardship or to meet a particular situation.
It cannot be overlooked that acid attack victims need to undergo a series of plastic surgeries and other corrective treatments.
We are in agreement with the said conclusion.
We have also pointed out that the Appellate Tribunal’s finding that the Independent Engineer’s test certificate can pass muster and that there is a waiver on facts is not a possible conclusion, and such finding is, therefore, perverse and hence set aside.
The correctness or otherwise of a judicial decision has no bearing upon the question whether or not it operates as res judicata.
OIDB has so far provided financial assistance of Rs. 32037 crore approximately in the form of loan assistance to oil companies and grant - in - aid of Rs. 1448 crore to various institutions / companies since its inception and up to 31st March 2012 for implementation of various programs conducive to the development of oil industry.
The limited challenge being, that vital aspects of the matter, which needed to have been considered were not canvassed, and therefore, could not be taken into consideration in the process of decision making.
Lethal injection was first considered as a means of execution in 1888 when New York's J. Mount Bleyer MD put it forward in an article in the Medico-Legal Journal suggesting that the intra-venous injection of six grains of Morphine should be used for execution of death sentence.
In its affidavit filed by the DUAC, it also categorically mentioned that no proposal regarding the alleged construction was ever referred to the DUAC at any time and no sanction or approval was thus obtained.
The statement of Naranbhai Manabhai Solanki PW5, was sought to be corroborated with the statement of Dinesh Karshanbhai Thakore PW6.
An order, even if not made in good faith, is still an act capable of legal consequences.
The lease deed was neither stamped nor registered.
If after consideration it is rejected it shall be forwarded to the Secretary to the Government of India.
The major ports come under the control of Government of India whereas the minor ports come under the control of the State Government.
It endeavoured to strike a balance between the competing claims to relative seniority.
The statutory scheme as delineated by Section 14A has to be understood before correctly appreciating the nature and purport of Rule 8D.
We do not intend to elaborate the said principle as that is not necessary in this case.
An irregular marriage is one which is not unlawful in itself, but unlawful ‘for something else,’ as where the prohibition is temporary or relative, or when the irregularity arises from an accidental circumstance, such as the absence of witnesses.
Loose clothes made of light cotton are ideal.
The firearm used in the commission of the offence by the original Accused No. 2 has been recovered at the instance of original Accused No. 2 himself.
Foods and many other commodities can be preserved by storage at low temperature, which retards the activities of micro organisms.
It is a source of livelihood and employment for large number of people in the country, especially for rural population.
According to the said judgment, the object behind enactment of the Act is speedy disposal of cases pending before the District Forum and therefore, it has been provided that reply should be filed within 30 days and the extension of time may not exceed 15 days.
According to the said judgment, the object behind enactment of the Act is speedy disposal of cases pending before the District Forum and therefore, it has been provided that reply should be filed within 30 days and the extension of time may not exceed 15 days.
Allegiance to the Constitution of India, faithful and conscientious discharge of the duties, doing right to people and all these without fear or favour, affection or ill-will, carry heavy weight.
The Aadhaar Act introduced a regime for obtaining informed consent, securing the confidentiality of information collected from citizens, penalties and offences for breach and regulated the uses to which the data which was collected could be put.
And when there is excess or error of jurisdiction the end product is a semblance, not an actual order, although where the error is within jurisdiction it is good, particularly when a finality clause exists.
And when there is excess or error of jurisdiction the end product is a semblance, not an actual order, although where the error is within jurisdiction it is good, particularly when a finality clause exists.
Such ‘scorers’ in most of the cases though secured sufficiently high marks in the PMT, did not take admission in any one of the medical colleges of Madhya Pradesh.
Social & Judicial Trends Bigamy has been fully abolished or severely controlled by law in most Muslim countries of the world.
It was argued, without prejudice to the above, that the decision of the Speaker incorporated into a certificate sent to the President is final and cannot be the subject matter of judicial review.
Antihistamines may cause drowsiness.
Rashid had opened one of the gunny bags, and had found that the same contained a black coloured powder.
If we do, it will cause prejudice to the parties.
In determining the severity of the alleged maltreatment, the court should consider all the circumstances of the case at hand, including the duration and manner of treatment, its physical and mental effects and the sex, age and state of health of the victim.
Ordinarily, in a matter like this an employee who has put in less number of years of service would not be on a better fooling than the employee who has put in longer service.
Passive euthanasia is legal even without legislation provided certain conditions and safeguards are maintained (vide para 39 of SCC in Aruna’s case).
According to him, the cause of the death was shock from burn injuries.
Under Clause 14 of the agreement, the builder authorised itself to finance loan from any financial institution by way of mortgage/charge/securitization of receivable of the land and flats and the allottees will have no objection in this regard.
PWs-1, 6 and 7 were found to be unreliable witnesses as the allegations made by them against A-1 to A-5, A-8, A-24 and A-43 to A-47 were found to be false even by the trial Court.
Shree Narayan is a well known story - writer for children.
Father's mother.
It is, therefore, imperative that we should have courts which are child friendly.
All India Central Civil Accounts, JAO’s Association and ors.
River Front Development, afforestation on the river banks, Public Participation & Awareness etc.
If the examination of a witness continues till late hours the trial can be adjourned to the next day for cross-examination.
Such views and opinions over a prolonged period have prompted the Legislature for more than a century to ensure expeditious conclusion of investigations so that an accused person is not unnecessarily deprived of his or her personal liberty by remaining in prolonged custody for an offence that he or she might not even have committed.
Instead, the Court Martial Proceedings dated 17th June, 2004 as also the order dated 2nd July, 2004 promulgating the same are restored and revived.
A question which was even more serious than that was whether Venkamma was alive when Ramanna died in the year 1907 or there about.
This is an occasion to acknowledge the dignity and rights of Persons with Disabilities (PwDs) and to re - dedicate ourselves to their empowerment.
Discharge card (Exh.99) shows that the victim was admitted in the hospital for 12 days and undergone surgery.
In order to coherently analyse the situation, we shall first see the proper law of contract, the law governing the arbitration agreement and finally the law governing the procedure.
In other words, in case the prosecution fails to prove that the public servant either by himself or through anyone else had at any time during the period of his office been in possession of pecuniary resources or property disproportionate to his known sources of income, he would not be required in law to offer any explanation to satisfactorily account therefor.
Lower Court records with a copy of this judgment be sent to the learned trial Court forthwith for information. .................................
The advantage of functioning under a co - operative is that it is neither a public nor a profit seeking organization.
The decision of such Engineer as to the quality of workmanship, or materials used on the work, or as to any other question, claim, right, matter or things whatsoever, in any way arising out of or relating to the contract, designs, drawing specifications, estimates, instructions, orders, or these conditions, or otherwise concerning the works, or the execution or failure to execute the same, whether arising during the progress of the work, or after the completion or abandonment of the contract by the contractor, shall also be final, conclusive and binding on the contractor.
The decision of such Engineer as to the quality of workmanship, or materials used on the work, or as to any other question, claim, right, matter or things whatsoever, in any way arising out of or relating to the contract, designs, drawing specifications, estimates, instructions, orders, or these conditions, or otherwise concerning the works, or the execution or failure to execute the same, whether arising during the progress of the work, or after the completion or abandonment of the contract by the contractor, shall also be final, conclusive and binding on the contractor.
They are directed to surrender forthwith and serve the life sentence in terms of the impugned judgement dated 16 th November, 2007 passed by the High Court.
I am happy with the progress made in the implementation of the Line of Credit extended by my Government to the Government of Bangladesh.
These provisions also do not mention any advantage or benefit for third parties.
This direction, it appears, came because the Court felt strongly about the commission of heinous and barbaric crimes against women in the country.
It was his submission, that the assertions made at the hands of the petitioners, to the effect that the impugned constitutional amendment, impinges upon the “basic structure  of the Constitution, and the “independence of the judiciary , were wholly misconceived.
It has also been observed that most of the farmers go in for distress sale of the produce as they are in the need of immediate credit.
IPM is an eco - friendly approach aimed at minimum use of chemical pesticides by employing available alternative methods for pest control like cultural, mechanical and biological and use of bio - pesticides.
One variant form was called 'trench binoculars', a combination of binoculars and periscope, often used for artillery spotting purposes.
Provided that the disqualification for enrolment as aforesaid shall cease to have effect after a period of two years has elapsed since his 3[release or dismissal or, as the case may be, removal.
If , as suggested by the officers-of the Ministry of Finance, it were to be a Tribunal, it could neverbe invested: with juris- ‘diotion to ‘examine the constitutional validity of provisions aforementioned. This.
We shall now examine what the word 'lien' means.
Therefore, the inference drawn by the CCI as well as COMPAT based on the aforesaid features and factors was justified and valid in law.
Make healthy food choices Choose foods with lower fat, calories and salt.
Divorce and custody battles can become quagmire and it is heart wrenching to see that the innocent child is the ultimate sufferer who gets caught up in the legal and psychological battle between the parents.
It was submitted, that all offences would either be tried under Chapter XIX of the Code of Criminal Procedure as ‘warrant cases’ or under Chapter XX as ‘summons cases’ in view of the quantum of maximum imprisonment prescribed (of three years and one year respectively).
This initiative is linked to the Learning and Growth Perspective of Balanced Scorecard initiative.
In view of the above, the civil appeal is disposed of with no order as to costs.
In view of the above, the civil appeal is disposed of with no order as to costs.
There was a little debate about the possibility of the issues relating to the alleged submission by the claimants to the jurisdiction of the High Court of Delhi being heard by that court, because it was best fitted to determine such issues under Indian Law.
He supervises all the work and is responsible for the constitution of investigating teams for probing cases.
He supervises all the work and is responsible for the constitution of investigating teams for probing cases.
The content in the CD is aligned under four key heads - Know your food; Nutrient requirement and their sources; Food and diseases and; Food safety.
The Implementation Agreement includes a provision of advance notice of 6 (six) months.
It was contended that the appellant-complainant is seeking to make new allegations supplemented by new documents to show that the order passed by the Magistrate summoning the respondents was justified.
Prof. Shetreet states (ibid page 111) that the Act of Settlement, 1700 abolished this prerogative power in respect of Judges.
We do not find any good ground and reason to interfere with the quantum of penalty.
The other definition of cruelty is in Page 13 Crl.A. No.1358 of 2008 clause (b) and is attracted when a woman is harassed with a view to coercing her or any of her relation to meet any unlawful demand for any property or valuable security or is on account of failure to meet such demand.
In pursuance of the above, 7 States have filed their responses.
As mentioned above, the Division Bench held that the charges leveled against the appellant stood proved and, in consequence, upheld the appellant's dismissal order holding it to be commensurate with the gravity of the charges.
Manickavel, Inspector General of Police, Idol Wing was transferred.
Relative humidity and soil temperatures wererecorded daily at 0700 and 1400 hours local mean time.
In other words, in case if the Court does not use such entries for the purpose of contradicting the police officer or if the police officer does not use the same for refreshing his memory, then the question of accused getting any right to use entries even to that limited extent does not arise.
The e-KYC data shared with the requesting entity can only be after prior consent of the Aadhaar holder.
Thus constitutional courts have interpreted that India has a federal polity and that each State has independent constitutional existence assigned with important role of Constitutional governance.
In his message toHis Serene Highness Hereditary Prince Alois of Liechtenstein, the President has said, 'On behalf of the Government, the people of India and on my own behalf, I extend warm greetings and felicitations to you and to the friendly people of Liechtenstein on the occasion of your National Day.
In his message toHis Serene Highness Hereditary Prince Alois of Liechtenstein, the President has said, 'On behalf of the Government, the people of India and on my own behalf, I extend warm greetings and felicitations to you and to the friendly people of Liechtenstein on the occasion of your National Day.
In case there is any deviation from these guidelines, the same shall be with the prior approval of the Appropriate Commission.
Learned counsel appearing for the respondent-State submitted that the service of the appellant herein was not retrenched but the appellant herein abandoned the work himself.
The aforesaid enhancement of compensation under different heads referred to supra, in our considered view would be just and reasonable compensation in this case.
The hallmark of a public interest petition is that a citizen may approach the court to ventilate the grievance of a person or class of persons who are unable to pursue their rights.
The hallmark of a public interest petition is that a citizen may approach the court to ventilate the grievance of a person or class of persons who are unable to pursue their rights.
Be that as it may, the respondent, without raising any objection to the alleged variations in the contents of the advertisement and the Rules, submitted his application and participated in the selection process by appearing before the Committee of experts.
Agriculture is the mainstay of more than 75 per cent population in Haryana, with contribution of 28. 2 per cent in GDP of the State.
He identified A-52, A-32, A-36, A-13 and A-43 in court.
He identified A-52, A-32, A-36, A-13 and A-43 in court.
They carry part of India in their hearts at all times. India is proud of its diaspora.
It was contended that the Revised Master Plan provides for a 30 meters buffer zone around the lakes and a buffer zone of 50 meters, 25 meters and 15 meters from the primary, secondary and tertiary drains, respectively to be measured from the centre of the drain.
The appellate court must always give proper weight and consideration to the findings of the trial court.
Taking note of the above observation of the Designated Judge and of the fact that that there is no dispute about his participation in the training, evidence disclosed that he associated in unloading of weapons and there is no need to show any leniency in awarding sentence.
Indeed, all discrimination is prohibited, but among the different kinds of discrimination, there are varying degrees.
Finally, punishment of three months rigorous imprisonment to be followed by dismissal from service and also reduced in rank was recommended against him.
The higher courts every day come across orders of the lower courts which are not justified either in law or in fact and modify them or set them aside.
Section 33B said that notwithstanding any judgment, decree or order by the Election Commission, no candidate shall be liable to disclose any information other than that mandated by the RPA or rules made thereunder.
No true witness can possibly escape from making some discrepant details.
In the compilation referred to in course of the arguments, the break up of the expenditures incurred by A2, A3, A4 and the firms aforementioned have been provided.
This is, therefore, an opportune moment for our two nations to identify synergies and build on them for the mutual benefit of our peoples.
The judgment delivered by this Court on 15 December 2016 indicates a rationale and basis for not allowing the exemption for those segments of national and state highways which fall within the limits of municipal or local authorities.
During trial, the defacto complainant /P.W.1, categorically stated that apart from the 11 named accused persons shown in C.C. No. 123 of 2011, 20 other persons also involved in the offence and he clearly named all the 20 more persons.
It honours our finest Parliamentarians who have upheld the dignity of the House and have set exemplary precedents in Parliamentary conduct.
It honours our finest Parliamentarians who have upheld the dignity of the House and have set exemplary precedents in Parliamentary conduct.
We are of the view, that the instant provision, has to be read in continuation of the erstwhile/previous Rule 24A (which subsisted till the instant amendment came into effect on 18.7.2014).
As the number of overseas Indians is increasing, Ministry is receiving several petitions, grievances and complaints pertaining to marital issues from Indian nationals who are married to overseas Indians.
We are in respectful agreement with the findings recorded by a three- Judge Bench in Nalini case.
He executed a trust/settlement deed wherein he nominated two trustees to manage the affairs of the Trust.
It is this principle which justifies award of monetary compensation for contravention of fundamental rights guaranteed by the Constitution, when that is the only practicable mode of redress available for the contravention made by the State or its servants in the purported exercise of their powers, and enforcement of the fundamental right is claimed by resort to the remedy in public law under the Constitution by recourse to Articles 32 and 226 of the Constitution.
Dr. S.S. Dahiya (PW-7) conducted postmortem examination on the dead body of Manju wife of Pradeep Kumar.
In the former, the accused was charged with the rape and murder of a six year old, and was convicted and sentenced to death by the Trial Court but acquitted by the High Court.
No individual holding an institutional office created by the Constitution can act contrary to constitutional parameters.
No individual holding an institutional office created by the Constitution can act contrary to constitutional parameters.
The Industrial Dispute Act, 1947 is one of the welfare legislations which intends to provide and protect the benefits of the employees.
The Industrial Dispute Act, 1947 is one of the welfare legislations which intends to provide and protect the benefits of the employees.
They also requested the Governor to ask the State Government not to take any major decisions in financial matters because Chief Minister Shri Nabam Tuki’s Government has been reduced to a minority.
Justice Gajendragadkar adverted to the minority view of Justice Hidayatullah in Automobile Transport on this aspect.
The Johannesburg Declaration on Sustainable Development of 2002 constitutes the landmark document reaffirming the commitment of world leaders to sustainable development.
Aruna Shanbaug has inherent internal inconsistencies.
Needless to say, if there is any remission earned, after serving out the appropriate sentence, their cases would be considered for release in terms of the norms of the State Government.
We are not at all impressed by the submission, and consequently the same is repelled, more so considering the provisions of the Mohammedan Law that sale beyond the extent of the share of the vendor in specific property was void.
A review of the above legal position would establish that the disciplinary authority, and on appeal the appellate authority, being fact-finding authorities have exclusive power to consider the evidence with a view to maintain discipline.
We can see no reason on which the constitutionality of the said provision - or a similar provision - can be doubted.
Only in case of a ‘company’, the benefit of set off could be availed by an amalgamated company, if the amalgamating company had accumulated losses which could have been carried forward and adjusted against the profits of the amalgamated company in accordance with the provisions of the Act.
In the said consultation, the Finance Department pointed out certain procedural irregularities in the process and suggested for reviewing the matter as the number of valid tenders received was very less.
The appellants requested the SEBI to keep the open offer in abeyance till action was taken against the promoters.
However, the background facts under which the issues have cropped up for discussion need to be recapitulated.
The students, who have completed postgraduate in Ayurveda, are admitted for critical study of concerned Samhita, related to their PG degree.
In these circumstances, we are of the view that the authorities might well consider giving weightage up to a maximum of 5 per cent of marks in favour of in-service candidates who have done rural service for five years or more.
We affirm the view taken therein, especially that the aforesaid tax is not a tax on income.
On receiving information about this at Platoon, witness No.2,5 and Constable Nawaj Ahmad brought him from the market under influence of liquor at about 1500 hours.
For this purpose, the nature of the offence, its seriousness and gravity thereof has to be taken into consideration.
For this purpose, the nature of the offence, its seriousness and gravity thereof has to be taken into consideration.
We find no substance in the submission that the said decisions require reconsideration, for certain observations made in SBP & Co. (supra), were not noticed.
The Tribunal quashed the memo dated 30th August, 2004 and all subsequent actions thereto.
Political parties are an established part of modern mass democracy, and the conduct of elections in India is largely dependent on the behaviour of political parties.
Thereafter, the timer was pulled out by SI Pandre by means of a small fishing hook tied with a rope.
As the assessee had not done so, it is not entitled for deduction u/s 54G.
The modifications made are in lines with the objects of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960 (‘PCA’), the constitutional provisions and the best practices in other countries.
The reference to the Jisha murder case was an attempt at padding up the reason while the reference to the alleged interference in the investigations by the CB-CID was a red herring or a ruse - the alleged interference was not even in the contemplation of the Chief Minster.
The learned Subordinate Judge has rejected these documents as irrelevant.
It is submitted by Mr. Mehta that the officers are experts in the field.
In addition to the above, the Law Commission would not want the policyholders or their claimants to be deprived of the premiums paid under a life policy which is sought to be repudiated on the ground of misstatement or suppression of facts, although material to the expectancy of life, but not amounting to fraud.
An irregular marriage has no legal effect before consummation.
This position is clear for the suit itself was filed on 31-10-1991 and therefore cause of action for filing the suit has to be prior in point of time.
Entry 47 was amended - so as to expressly provide that furnace oil would be subjected to tax. was made effective from 1964. was challenged as being unreasonable since it retrospectively made the dealers liable for sales tax which they had not passed on to others.
After the resignation of Mr. B.V. Acharya, the Government of Karnataka initiated the process of appointment of new Special Public Prosecutor and submitted names of four advocates to the High Court.
We having considered and answered the issues arising in this batch of cases, all the Writ Petitions filed under deserves to be disposed of in accordance with our conclusions as noted above.
The applicant company shall submit audited annual accounts of its commercial operations in India.
In such scenario, Open Schooling has to depend heavily on the use of Information and Communication Technology (ICT).
However, if the Defendants’ location is to form the fulcrum of jurisdiction, and it has an office also at the place where the cause of action has occurred, it has been held that the Plaintiff is precluded from instituting the suit anywhere else.
Hence, for the reasons stated in the preceding paragraphs, we are of the opinion that mere deduction of tax at source, also, does not amount to disclosure of income, nor does it indicate the intention to disclose income most definitely when the same is not disclosed in the returns filed for the concerned assessment year.
Mr. Sanjay Rathi, STBC, Delhi (Special invitee).
The appellant contested the said Writ Petition by way of counter affidavit in which the appellant submitted that the respondent - assessee was not maintaining separate inventory and account for the receipt and use of inputs in relation the manufacture of final product i.e. Sulphuric Acid cleared at Nil rate of duty as required in terms of provisions of Rule 6(2) of the Rules.
Learned counsel appearing for other respondents also submitted that they are the bona fide purchasers of the suit property, hence, this appeal deserves to be dismissed being devoid of merits.
The fundamental nature and importance of the legislative process needs to be recognized by the Court and due regard and deference must be accorded to the legislative process.
The fundamental nature and importance of the legislative process needs to be recognized by the Court and due regard and deference must be accorded to the legislative process.
Behaviour of an accused pertaining to a desire for concealment of the weapon of offence and conduct to avoid detection of crime go a long way to ascertain as to whether, he knew the consequences of the act done by him.
The last seen theory comes into play where the time gap between the point of time when the accused and the deceased were last seen alive and when the deceased is found dead is so small that possibility of any person other than the accused being the author of the crime becomes impossible.
We, in the absence of any other material on record, must hold that the State had not formed any opinion in that behalf at least when the agreement was executed.
It appears that though the words of the section are in general terms with equal application to the case of improper acceptance, as also of improper rejection of a nomination paper, case law has made a distinction between the two classes of cases.
Insofar as the appeal filed by the Commissioner of Income Tax is concerned, it was submitted by Mr. Rohatgi himself that the issue of dependent PE had become academic.
I expected that he would be cured after getting treatment at AIIMS, Delhi.
Similarly, I do not think it necessary to restrict the mode of consultation.
After coming into force of the Maharashtra Cooperative Societies Act, 1960 (hereinafter referred to as “the  ), all the tenants in Willingdon East became members of the Catholic Society, for which fresh shares were issued, at the face value of Rs.50/- per share.
He further contended that by involving such persons in the negotiation process by putting them on the Committee of Creditors would infract the principle that, given their number and the diverse interests that they have, coupled with no knowledge or any commercial expertise of the corporate debtor, they should not and ought not to be allowed to participate in the Committee of Creditors.
He argued that the Tribunal's refusal to allow Kerala's water projects is based on an erroneous assumption that such projects would result in trans-basin diversion of water.
It has also not been clarified whether the attesting witnesses or either of them was also witness before the Sub-Registrar when the Gift Deed was accorded registration.
It has also not been clarified whether the attesting witnesses or either of them was also witness before the Sub-Registrar when the Gift Deed was accorded registration.
As already discussed above, there are already sufficient safeguards provided in the Code which duly protect the liberty of an individual in case of registration of false FIR.
Thus, it is apparent that various proceedings were initiated by Respondent No.1 with a mala fide and fraudulent intent to stall the recovery proceedings.
I am, therefore, of the opinion that a Magistrate acting under Section 5 of the Prisoners Act can give a direction to any person to give his voice sample for the purposes of any investigation or proceeding under the Code.
The trial court took cognizance by order dated 29.03.2016 summoning accused for 29.04.2016 for appearance.
It is therefore essential to have clear, detailed rules on interception of telephone conversations, especially as the technology available for use is continually becoming more sophisticated.
The ryot is generally called a tenant, of Government but he is not a tenant from year to year and cannot be ousted as long as he pays the land revenue assessed.
In these circumstances, we are of the view that in addition to the statutory provisions, there is need to frame guidelines for the benefit of both Union of India/States and Union Territories for better utilization of their premises.
In these circumstances, we are of the view that in addition to the statutory provisions, there is need to frame guidelines for the benefit of both Union of India/States and Union Territories for better utilization of their premises.
In my address, I urged the business sectors of the two sides to take advantage of abundant opportunities available in India and China, which are today the engines driving global economic growth.
Whether cancellation is prayed for or not or even it is impliedly sought for in substance, the Suit is one for cancellation.
We are not going into details as it is not necessary for the purpose of the present Report.
Applying the principles above, the possibility of confusion / deception between Double Deer & Deer in relation to rice, is to be judged.
The petitioner further claims that it performed the work in terms of the contract and raised invoices for the work performed from time to time.
In view of the question of law involved, it will be proper to set out the statutory provisions arising for consideration.
Encouraging R & D in the pharmaceutical sector in a manner compatible with the country’s needs and with particular focus on diseases endemic or relevant to India by creating an environment conducive to channelising a higher level of investment into R & D in pharmaceuticals in India.
Water is without doubt the most ancient of all remedial agents for disease.
The High Court held that on the death of the statutory tenant, the heirs of the statutory tenant had no right to remain in possession of the premises, as statutory tenancy was not heritable and the protection afforded to a statutory tenant by the Act is not available to the heirs and legal representatives of the statutory tenant.
The High Court held that on the death of the statutory tenant, the heirs of the statutory tenant had no right to remain in possession of the premises, as statutory tenancy was not heritable and the protection afforded to a statutory tenant by the Act is not available to the heirs and legal representatives of the statutory tenant.
With utmost respect, we are unable to agree with the conclusions recorded in the judgments of this Court in Bhatia International (supra) and Venture Global Engg.
One is meaningful and effective advocacy and, secondly, cooperation and support of society at large, to bring non - literates into the mainstream of literacy.
The Estate Officer issued a notice dated 24.01.2006 under Sections 4 and 7 of the PP Act to the STPL.
The sketch map attached to the application dated 26/27th January, 1949 and the sanction order 29th June 1949 will clearly indicate that the lease hold area was to the adjoining south of Cantonment-Tulasipur Road.
He answered in the affirmative then he asked to book 4-5 tickets for Dubai.
He answered in the affirmative then he asked to book 4-5 tickets for Dubai.
In the affidavit dated 2nd July, 2009, it was contended by the petitioner that he was not allowed to join on the ground that his case is pending before the Court.
Regulation 29 uses the expression “voluntary retirement under these Regulations .
In our view, the reliance placed by the High Court on the abovementioned judgment is wholly misplaced.
Provided that no film or film song or film promo or film trailer or music video or music albums or their promos, whether produced in India or abroad, shall be carried through cable service unless it has been certified by the Central Board of Film Cetification (CBFC)) as suitable for unrestricted public exhibition in India.
We may take by way of illustration another example given by Krishna Iyer, J., in the Indian Chamber of Commerce case [(1976) 1 SCC 324 : 1976 SCC (Tax) 41 : (1975) 101 ITR 796] where a blood bank collects blood on payment and supplies blood for a higher price on commercial basis.
Baikunthi had also come there and she started pelting stones, as a result of which, this witness also sustained injury on his right shoulder and thereafter he came back along with the tractor.
No order as to costs.
No order as to costs.
Therefore, it is not unconstitutional.
Initially proposal to set up Judicial Commission was made prior to Second Judges case, with the object of doing away with the primacy of the Executive as laid down in First Judges case.
Next day she took her husband to the hospital.
On plain construction of (1-A), the respondent is clearly entitled to claim deduction of the premium amount received from the export house in computing the total income.
Fair and reasonable compensation means the price of a willing buyer which is to be paid to the willing seller.
Turning this into a reality calls for preparation of a road map that takes into account all growth-inducing aspects - research and development, enhanced capacity building of workers, and provision of better infrastructure to chemical units.
It is essential to the rule of law and liberty of the citizens.
In the present case, interest liability on delayed payment is prescribed by law.
During his further incarceration in prison, he may be given periodic counseling by spiritualist and moral leaders which could help reform his personality and mental psyche.
During his further incarceration in prison, he may be given periodic counseling by spiritualist and moral leaders which could help reform his personality and mental psyche.
It is not a case of the land oustees.
The report of Shri G.K.V. Rao points out as to how the appellant-Society admitted large number of persons as members who cannot be held to be genuine members, the sole object being to transfer the lands acquired for “public purpose , to outsiders as part of commercial venture, undertaken by the office- bearer of the appellant-Society.
There is no decree to be executed nor there is any decree holder or judgment debtor and therefore in a strict sense it cannot be said to be a case of execution of a decree.
Moreover, the certificate dated 21.4.2015 relied upon by the High Court in paragraph 16 of the impugned judgment was not part of the original bid document submitted by BVG India Limited and it was submitted before the High Court for the first time as per annexure P6 of the writ petition.
He has filed Criminal Appeal No. 271 of 2008 against the said order of conviction, even though he has served the sentence for a period of 8 years, and has paid the fine.
4) We are conscious of the fact that the principles of natural justice guarantee every person the right to represent his/her case in the court of law, wherein the final verdict of the court would adversely affect his/her interest.
Unfortunately, the above mentioned recommendations made in its 178'' Report (2001) has not been implemented so far.
Training and orientation to medical and paramedical personnel in health care of the elderly.
However, the 99th and the NJAC Act reversed the process well thought out in the Second Judges case and the Third Judges case and have taken away the constitutional authority of the Chief Justice of India and placed it on a platter for the NJAC to exploit.
The Corporation as the apex body discharges its function through the Mayor - in - Council, consisting of the Mayor, Deputy Mayor and 10 other elected members of the CMC.
Thus over the years various kinds of acid attacks have been registered under the sections related to hurt, grievous hurt, murder etc.
From the above facts and circumstances of the case, it has emerged that there was no fair investigation and fair trial and the fundamental rights of the accused guaranteed under Articles 20 & 21 of the Constitution of India have been infringed.
The substantial growth rate that our country has achieved particularly in the last decade in the context of the global economic crisis speaks of the resilience of the Indian economy.
This Court held that in the case of an ordinary taxing statute, a law may be questioned if it is openly confiscatory or a colourable device to confiscate.
Fuerst Day Lawson Ltd. (supra), wherein the Hon'ble Supreme Court has held that under the new Act the foreign award is already stamped as decree, this Court is of the view that the petition filed by the petitioner has no merits and deserves to be dismissed.
The appellant claimed damages equal to the difference of rate at which electricity was to be supplied to it and the rate at which the appellant was to supply the same to its consumers.
Under proviso to Rule 23, it would be evident that the resignation shall not entail forfeiture of past service if it has been submitted to take up with proper permission for another appointment.
The GB Pant Hospital is celebrating its Golden Jubilee year and release of the commemorative postage stamp is part of this celebrations.
The appeals stand disposed of with the aforesaid observation and directions to the appellant State and its authorities.
Therefore, the focus in the adjudication of the present controversy must be on “dearness pay , rather than on the eventual carry-home pension.
This has also not been disputed by the respondents that an institution run by a Trust is entitled for affiliation from the respondents provided such an institution meets the requirement for grant of affiliation.
And passenger movement by road has risen from 23 BPK (Billion Passenger km) to 4251. 7 BPK during the same period.
The two panch witnesses travelled together with the Pune police and are stock witnesses.
The two panch witnesses travelled together with the Pune police and are stock witnesses.
Highly metamorphosed rocks of the earliest periods, dating back as far as 380 crore years, occur in the area; the rest being covered by the coastal - bearing Gondwana formations, lava flows belonging to the Deccan Trap formation and younger sediments.
The learned counsel submitted that in the pharmaceutical field, drug action is explained by “pharmacokinetics  (effect of the body on the drug) and “pharmacodynamics  (effect of the drug on the body).
In of the Act, Parliament has deliberately used the word 'sum' to refer to the aggregate of the amounts that may be directed to be paid by the Arbitral Tribunal and not merely the 'principal' sum without interest.
Chief Ministers were requested to obtain from all the Additional Judges (working in the concerned High Courts) consent to be appointed as permanent Judges in any other High Court in the country.
There is still immense scope to better our participatory decision making structure, improve the application of rule of law, enhance transparency, increase accountability, promote greater equity and inclusiveness and improve consensus based approach.
The qualifying marks shall be 40% aggregate for general candidates and 35% for SC/ST/OBC candidates.
I place before you certain data to indicate that our direct tax collection is not commensurate with the income and consumption pattern of Indian economy.
In the above letter, the Deputy Registrar, Co-operative Societies was requested to direct the Society to withdraw the offer of transfer of her membership to Kalpana Mukherjee.
In the above letter, the Deputy Registrar, Co-operative Societies was requested to direct the Society to withdraw the offer of transfer of her membership to Kalpana Mukherjee.
In the absence of such a clarification, the withdrawal of the Special Leave Petition would have led to the inference that the appellant had not been granted liberty to move this Court afresh.
In the absence of such a clarification, the withdrawal of the Special Leave Petition would have led to the inference that the appellant had not been granted liberty to move this Court afresh.
This Court has clearly laid down that when payments are not made in terms of , would apply.
Thereupon, the respondent filed an application under statutory Form-XX as prescribed under Rule 35 of the Rules, 1983 but no steps were taken by the respondent for issuance of the Refund Payment Order.
Thereupon, the respondent filed an application under statutory Form-XX as prescribed under Rule 35 of the Rules, 1983 but no steps were taken by the respondent for issuance of the Refund Payment Order.
I urge you all to ensure that this world - class institution continues to progress with the same passion and commitment, and with the same values of integrity, efficiency and honesty which the founding fathers had instilled in AMUL.
It so happened that within one year of the judgment in Rainbow Colour Lab's case, three Judges Bench of this Court rendered another judgment in the case of [3], wherein it expressed its doubts about the correctness of the law laid down in Rainbow.
Ans: For a plant capacity ranging from 10 MW to 12 MW the water requirement shall be of 60 - 70 M3 / Hr.
The said Commission would provide a meaningful role to the judiciary, the executive and eminent persons to present their view points and make the participants accountable, while also introducing transparency in the selection process.
Coordination with the Regional Centres for timely and effective support to the learners.
Whereas The undersigned being the authorised officer of the ………..………………….
I and II, indicating that in our Constitutional scheme, taxation powers of the Centre and the States are mutually exclusive.
It is further submitted that a doctor should not feel himself handicapped in extending immediate help in such cases fearing that he would be harassed by the police or dragged to court in such a case.
Tajmahomed was sentenced to four months rigorous imprisonment, and Minawalla, who was charged with abetment, was sentenced to a fine of Rs 100 and imprisonment until the rising of the Bench.
It is indeed a privilege to be here on this first State Visit from India to Norway.
Further, as a part of the performance test, the seller must demonstrate that the unit meets functional specifications for ramping rate separately mentioned in Schedule 4 of the PPA.
If the said position becomes known after the appointment of the Enquiry Officer, during the enquiry, steps should be taken to see that the task of holding an enquiry is assigned to some other officer.
It was not preceded by any discussion.
Thus, the insured then filed several complaints before the State Disputes Redressal Commission, to which the insurer filed replies.
The Legislature of the State of Bihar has enacted the Act and Section 139 of the Act stipulates that the persons disqualified shall cease to hold the office.
To appreciate the concept of office of profit, this Court referred to Section 58 of the ESI Act, 1948, ESI Scheme and opined that the elected candidate although was a private doctor and running a private clinic was also an insurance medical practitioner subject to the discipline, directions, obligations and control of the relevant officers appointed by the State Government in implementing the medical benefit scheme.
Initially, the Registrar General, High Court of A.P. recommended for appointments of 41 Additional District and Sessions Courts and three Senior Civil Judge-cum-Assistant Sessions Court for a period of five years w.e.f.
This element of compensation is purely for acquisition of right of user simplicitor.
The World Hypertension Day is an important opportunity to communicate to the public information on prevention of hypertension and its treatment.
It helps skilled workforce to contribute directly to the nation 's output.
But my investigations between November 2016 and November 2017 raised disturbing questions about the circumstances surrounding Loya’s death—including questions regarding the condition of his body when it was handed over to his family.
The management cannot be compelled by judicial order to regularise the services of unqualified and untrained workmen as security guards for discharging duties which only qualified and trained members of an organised armed force could competently discharge.
This eternal flame was lighted in commemoration of the unknown soldiers who laid their lives to serve this nation.
It is this cancellation which became the subject matter of writ petition No.6770/2007 and the writ petition was decided vide order dated 11.12.2007 by another Single Judge Bench directing the Chief Secretary for resolving the dispute.
It is the normal rule of construction that when a statute vests certain power in an authority to be exercised in a particular manner then the said authority has to exercise it only in the manner provided in the statute itself.
Thus, it would be seen that the scheme of is that the owner has to express his desire that the whole of his house should be acquired before the award is made, and once such a desire is expressed, the procedure prescribed by has to be followed.
With or without her consent, when she is under sixteen years of age...  In light of the aforementioned provision, the second issue regarding the determination of age of the prosecutrix is crucial to establish whether the respondent is liable for rape or not.
No doubt, here the charge was framed by Mr. Ganguly but on his own view he was not competent to take cognizance of the offence and, therefore, incompetent to frame a charge.
No doubt, here the charge was framed by Mr. Ganguly but on his own view he was not competent to take cognizance of the offence and, therefore, incompetent to frame a charge.
It is for this reason that a variable percentage of admission of minority students depending on the type of institution and education is desirable, and indeed, necessary, to promote the constitutional guarantee enshrined in both and .
In cross-examination, he stated that the prints were available on the glass surface and he did not rule out any other type of print.
One other relevant factor which is also to be kept in mind is the establishment of the appellant University at the repeated persuasion of Maharshi Mahesh Yogi was definitely to provide full-fledged education on Vedas and the various intricate subjects, which are found in Vedas, as well as its practices, Ithihas, Puranas etc.
It is, thus, clear that an income which is earned directly or indirectly, i.e. even indirectly, is to be deemed to accrue or earned in India.
He is also very well aware of the fact that giving false evidence in Court is an offence and asserted that he is a law abiding citizen.
He submits that there are various instances, where this court had made reference to larger Bench looking to the importance of the matter.
Madhya Pradesh 19 agriculture extension and training centres are functional under the department of agriculture.
It is more so, in a country that has 17. 5% of the world 's population but only 2. 4 per cent of land resources and 4. 2% of world' s natural resources with a society which is multi - cultural, multi - lingual and multi religious.
The Parliament has been converted into an arena of combat rather than debate.
It may be stated that it was not disputed before us that these two documents which came into existence almost simultaneously with the issuance of the notification could be looked at for finding out the true intention of the Government in issuing the notification in question, particularly in regard to the manner in which outstanding transactions were to be closed or liquidated.
Before making our recommendation on this subject, we would like to briefly examine the meaning of the expression “life  in the term “life imprisonment , which has attracted considerable judicial attention.
M.C. Mehta, an environmental activist, had already moved this Court with an application to find a remedy for the air pollution in Delhi in a pending writ petition.
They have specialised knowledge about the products of their employers.
She also deposed that the statement (Ex.PB) had been recorded by her in the very language of Kailash without any addition or omission and her certificate to that effect is Ex.PB/5.
The parameters of earning profit beyond 15% and its investment wholly for educational purposes may be expressly stipulated as per the statutory requirement.
Insofar as this Court is concerned, no opinion on merits is expressed.
Further, that the manner of commission of the offence coupled with their subsequent conduct obliterates any chance of reformation and that there is no guarantee that the accused-appellants would not commit the same or similar offence if they were released.
Further, that the manner of commission of the offence coupled with their subsequent conduct obliterates any chance of reformation and that there is no guarantee that the accused-appellants would not commit the same or similar offence if they were released.
It must be shown that it was probable that the publication would substantially interfere with the due course of justice; commitment for contempt is not a matter of course but within the discretion of the court which must be exercised with caution.
There is an increased risk of molar pregnancy in women with blood group B.
There is another area where discrimination is likely to rear its ugly head.
The figures presented to us by the CAG or even the Standing Committee do not reflect such a huge collection.
The petitioner apparently came into possession of the property much earlier i.e. in the year 1988.
Among the dignitaries present on the occasion, were Governor of Uttar Pradesh, Shri B.L. Joshi, Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, Shri Akhilesh Yadav and Minister of State for Human Resource Development, Shri Jitin Prasada.
The thermophiles can thrive superbly at high temperatures.
No representation to players It is only by accident that players are elected to the Working Committee of the BCCI.
The High Court judgment in the writ petitions challenging the recovery notice were set aside by the High Court.
In the said case, this Court had considered the provisions of Section 29 of the , 1940, which dealt with payment of interest pendente lite.
The Jail Superintendents were also required to conduct a survey of all cases where undertrial prisoners have completed more than one fourth of the maximum sentence and send a report in this regard to the District Legal Services Committee constituted under , 1987 as well as to the Review Committee.
He, however, filed a memo before ARCS on 21.12.2006 for withdrawal of his objection.
Till such power is exercised, the dismissal is valid and in force.
Manipur was the first place liberated from the British by the Indian National Army led by Netaji Subash Chandra Bose.
Appellant drew support from letter dated 23.11.1982 written by the Executive Engineer to the Superintendent Engineer.
Indian experts were deputed to advise and assist in diverse areas such as information technology, auditing, legal expertise, pharmacology, statistics and demography, public administration, textile and agriculture.
No interest was payable on the deferred payment schedule till December, 1975.
Our endeavour in this judgment is to ensure that police officers do not arrest the accused unnecessarily and Magistrate do not authorise detention casually and mechanically.
There are many problems, which have remained unsolved despite all the gains in science and technology.
The aforesaid important legal aspect of the matter has not been taken note of by the High Court as well as the Revisional Authority.
The controversy relating to non-supply of the video cassette with the election petition was examined and the video cassette being an integral part of election petition, non- furnishing of the copy was held to be fatal.
The Court, after going through the judgment of the High Court, came to hold that solely because the management of HCL was giving financial aid that by itself cannot be construed that the school was run by the management of HCL and accordingly, the Court dismissed the appeal.
Innovative measures like appointing eminent resources on short-term basis from research institutions, industry or from abroad have to be adopted to reduce vacancies without dilution of standards.
Listed below are the various schemes applicable to them in the related field.
It is neither possible nor desirable to lay down any inflexible rule which would govern the exercise of inherent jurisdiction.
The aforesaid record projects the dismal picture.
It was not proper to request Court No.2 to take up the matter when the other matter filed by CJAR was coming up on Friday before another Bench.
This unique Park will act as a convergence centre for gender-related education, entrepreneurship training and capacity development activities.
Deficiency of faculty is 9.2% as detailed in the report.
This will not only facilitate prevention of stagnation unused water which will be hazardous to our health through environmental pollution, but can be useful for successful production of our own requirement of vegetables Cultivation in a small area facilitates the methods of controlling pests and diseases through the removal of affected parts and non - use of chemicals.
Case against only one employee has been registered with police and the bank has not registered the cases against 27 employees.
Naturally, the arbitral tribunal would make such a representation to the court only upon being satisfied that the party / person is in default or in contempt.
Every litigant, therefore likes to take a chance, even when counsel’s advice is otherwise.
The total network of roads in India is approximately 47 lakhs kilometers which is possibly the second largest network in the world after the U.S.A.
Only a small segment of industry is using old technology based on wet and semi - dry process.
The easy identification of the person who appears before the Court when he is the enrolled advocate of another Bar Council or is not on the rolls of Advocates of the High Court is to ensure his presence whenever the cases are listed and to minimise the cases being dismissed for default which may result in serious consequences to the litigants and multiplicity and inordinate delay in proceedings whether it be a criminal case or civil dispute is the objective of Rule 3 or 3A of the Rules.
Therefore, there would be no question of extending the time for assessment when the assessment has already become time barred.
Then the deceased in a burning condition ran out into lane.
Notwithstanding anything contained in the preceding sub- section if at any time the Chancellor is of the opinion that in any matter the affairs of the University are not managed in furtherance of the objects of the University or in accordance with the provisions of this Act and the statutes and Regulation or that special measures are desirable to maintain the standards of University teaching, examinations, research, extension education, administration or finances, the Chancellor may indicate to the Executive Council through the Vice-Chancellor any matter in regard to which he desires an explanation and call upon the Executive Council to offer such explanation within such time as may be specified by him.
In making its final recommendation in regard to their order of merit, upon appointment as Additional Professors, the Selection Committee had due regard to relevant matters including the performance of the candidates, their records and the opinion of the experts.
The productivity per hectare is the highest in Bihar (17. 05 mt) followed by Haryana (11. 55 mt).
Abnash Kaur, as mentioned in the Schedule to the plaint and, thereafter, pass a final decree and give to each of the party to the suit his/her share of the said property.
After sometime, she heard the sound of conch-shell.
Despite searching cross-examination, nothing substantial was elicited from PWs 10 and 11 to discredit their evidence.
In other words, the products covered under this industry are largely used as inputs to the capital goods / heavy engineering industries.
In the circumstances, we hold that casual employees come within the purview of the Act.
The Registrar General of the High Court has filed reply affidavits.
That is, in fact, how was invoked by the publisher.
However, the organized seed sector particularly for food crops cereals continues to be dominated by the public sector.
The figure raises doubts about its correctness.
Division Bench, while dismissing the appeal came to the conclusion that Inquiry Officer and the Disciplinary Authority have violated the principle of natural justice, hence, the appeal deserved to be dismissed.
The opposite parties deliberately due to conspiracy and prejudice against applicant have not deposited previously mentioned postdated cheques for payment and these people are doing a conspiracy to grab the valuable property of the applicant.
That on the 29th of October, 2016, the Applicant No.1 went to fetch Sana from her maternal home and was completely aghast to find Sana in a compromising position with Waseem Shaikh.
Speaking on the occasion, the President said that the success of any nation state depends on how effectively it harnesses all the available resources at its disposal, foremost among these being the human resource.
The other person accompanying the first person gave him a kick and took out some weapon and fired at him, but he saved himself.
In the aforesaid situation it is almost impossible to hold that not even a part of the cause of action has arisen at Bombay so as to deprive the High Court of Bombay of total jurisdiction to entertain the writ petition filed by the petitioner.
Dairy milk yield is found to be 20 lts whereas cross bred jersey, cow gives 8 - 10 lts per day.
Inasmuch as the provision creates a criminal liability, the conditions have to be strictly complied with.
This, for the simple reason, that the judgment rendered in the First Judges case, had been overruled by a larger Bench, in the Second Judges case.
Tax on income of certain domestic companies.
If the aforesaid fact as deposed by him is believed to be true, then he should have disclosed the identities of all the accused-appellants to the complainant-Timmanna (PW-1) at the time of the incident.
This Court reviewed the decisions earlier delivered and ruled that public interest would be safeguarded only when good and competent counsel are appointed by the State.
This Court reviewed the decisions earlier delivered and ruled that public interest would be safeguarded only when good and competent counsel are appointed by the State.
Our medical colleges must continuously up-grade their curriculum and frequently review their research activities.
Our medical colleges must continuously up-grade their curriculum and frequently review their research activities.
Instances of creative interpretation are when the Court looks at both the literal language as well as the purpose or object of the statute in order to better determine what the words used by the draftsman of legislation mean.
Brandeis, J. had a somewhat different view.
We confirm conviction of the appellant on all the counts, but the sentence of death penalty imposed on him for the offence under IPC is commuted to life imprisonment.
Biennial Election to the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Council by the members of the Legislative Assembly.
India and the U.S. share common values of democracy and pluralism.
The Full Bench, in our view, was justified in holding that those observations were, at best, obiter dicta.
The Full Bench, in our view, was justified in holding that those observations were, at best, obiter dicta.
No suggestion in that behalf worth-considering was put forth. An analysis of the views expressed by participants revealed a broad consensus in favour of the propsols.
The machinery provisions like computation of ceiling land, appeals, reference and revision were provided by the Act of 1955.
Untreated babies may become developmentally delayed, have seizures, or die.
Ultimately, in paragraph 38, this Court referred to the guidelines prescribed in Bachan Singh (supra).
The subject was taken up suo motu having regard to the extensive prejudicial coverage of crime and information about suspects and accused, both in the print and electronic media.
It has its impact on the society and the impact is felt more when accidents take place quite often because of rash driving by drunken, negligent or, for that matter, adventurous drivers who have, in a way, no concern for others.
She told him that she sustained those injuries because her husband had beaten her.
During 2007, domestic airline passenger traffic has shown a growth of 32. 51 per cent.
Islamic Academy of Education further clarified the contour of such function of the State while interpreting T.M.A. Pai Foundation itself wherein it was held that there can be Committees constituted to supervise conducting of such CET.
Our view is also in accord with the purport and objective behind the amendment which were reflected while carrying out the amendment itself.
It also includes the right to receive information and ideas of all kinds from different sources.
It is also experienced that invariably the witnesses add embroidery to prosecution story, perhaps for the fear of being disbelieved.
It is submitted that there were no special circumstances on the basis of which any exception can be made in favour of the respondents as has been directed by the High Court.
Each institute will be entitled to have its own fee structure.
Sub-clause (a) of Clause 2.1 of the two Information Bulletins does not actually give institutional preference to students who have passed MBBS or BDS from colleges or universities in the State of Karnataka, but makes some of them ineligible to take the entrance test for admission to postgraduate medical or dental courses in the State of Karnataka to which the Information Bulletins apply.
The appropriate Government being the Central Government in this case declined to make a reference as per its order dated December 9, 1983 in which it is stated that 'the action of the management in imposing on the workmen penalty of removal from service on the basis of an enquiry and in accordance with the procedure laid down in the Railway Servants (Discipline & Appeal) Rules.
It appears to us that there is nothing unreasonable in this restriction.
We need hardly say that there is no law of limitation for criminal prosecutions.
But ordinarily where a corporation is established by statute, it is autonomous in its working, subject only to a provision, often times made, that it shall be bound by any directions that may be issued from time to time by Government in respect of policy matter.
The lofty hills of Aravali 's (one of the oldest mountain ranges of the world) and the golden sand dunes of the Great Indian Desert (the only desert of the sub - continent) are the two characteristic features of Rajasthan' s landscape.
The jeep which is owned by the respondent No.1 and driven by the respondent No.2 met with an accident with a truck coming from the opposite direction as a result of which Parshotam D. Gupta and Yogesh died on the spot whereas Salochna received serious injuries.
We find ourselves in respectful agreement with the view in Harman’s case on this aspect.
The bare allegations are never treated as material facts.
Respondent No.2 was ready and willing to perform their part of the contract while the appellant committed a breach by failure to supply DTC locations as per the terms of the contract.
Both sides have laboured to assist the Court with elaborate and detailed scientific and medical literature in support of their respective stands.
While a buyer of an option pays the premium and buys his right to exercise his option, the writer of an option is the one who receives the option premium and is therefore obliged to sell or buy the asset as per the option exercised by the buyer.
While a buyer of an option pays the premium and buys his right to exercise his option, the writer of an option is the one who receives the option premium and is therefore obliged to sell or buy the asset as per the option exercised by the buyer.
In general, dividend may be said to be paid within the meaning of when the company discharges its liability and makes the amount of dividend unconditionally available to the member entitled thereto.
Dr Dhavan submitted that the appellants had admitted the title of the respondents and thus this question would not arise.
One way to reduce this exploitation is to narrow this divide.
Provided that after a Finance Commission has been constituted no order shall be made under this clause by the President except after considering the recommendations of the Finance Commission.
The third case is Executive Engineer, ZP Engg.
For example: , (1999) 5 SCC 253, paras 424 and 704 and acquit the appellant.
Provides transparent and hassle free services to citizens on: Caste Certificate, PRC, Legal Heir Certificate, Bakijai Clearance Certificate, Passport, Senior Citizen Certificate, Registration / Renewal of Club / NGO, Delayed Birth / Death Certificate, Ex - gratia Grant, Arms License, Licenses of Touring Cinema, Certified Copy of Court’s Order, Certified Copy of Electoral Roll, License for Stamp Vendor, License for Pleader’s Clerk, Issue of NOC for Explosive License, Disposal of Petitions for release of Gun from Police Station, Permission of Special events etc.
Optimal use of such resources by balancing conflicting demands on such public resources has always been the challenge for the decision makers in all sectors and in all parts of the world.
While its language is of relevance to the content of its words, the text of the Constitution needs to be understood in the context of the history of the movement for political freedom.
In reality though, 80 percent epileptic patients in low income countries remain untreated on account of lack of drugs and trained personnel.
It is the claim of the learned senior counsel for the appellant that if it is not a complete judgment, accused cannot be convicted and sentenced.
In fact, in order to please and satisfy his wife, Appellant No. 1 was making all efforts to become something in life and was struggling for that.
Farmers and other citizens who wish to practice agriculture will find this section extremely valuable.
Measurable performance parameters to judge the performance of the different departments under the Secretariat would help in the incentivization process.
The Apex Court noticed earlier judgments where principles were laid down as to how inquiry is to be conducted.
In view thereof and taking into consideration the submission made as recorded above, the writ petition is dismissed as withdrawn.
Thus, merely offering incentives to industries may not be enough to spur innovative growth.
As to preservation of forests, a series of orders were passed by the Supreme Court in T.N. Godavarman Thirumalpad vs. Union of India: 1997 (2) SCC 267; 312 etc.
In the ancient religious texts 114 and customs, menstruating women have been considered as polluting the surroundings.
Whatever name we call it, the result is the same.
As its title suggests the paper covers two broad aspects of the need for witness protection. The first addresses the questions of whether and to what extent provision ought to be made for witnesses to give evidence anonymously during criminal trials. One of the remarkable features of the paper is the breadth of the research that has been undertaken.
The learned Senior Counsel for the petitioner submits that the petitioner has been falsely implicated in the present case and has not committed any offence as alleged.
Further, it was also contended that it is the standard practice in the Department that when a search takes place in the case of an assessee, many related business premises are simultaneously covered under survey.
This Court in held: Promissory estoppel against the State cannot be applied when an officer of the State has acted directly contrary to the general instructions issued by the Government.
It had been paid Rs 4.55 till February 2016 in the form of interest.
In para 32 (pg.
In the peculiar facts of this case, we refrain ourselves from awarding any costs.
This Court has already directed that the investigation be finally completed and final charge sheet filed on or before March 15, 2015.
This Court has already directed that the investigation be finally completed and final charge sheet filed on or before March 15, 2015.
According to him, in order to give such an answer one must accept, as a minimum, the idea of human dignity.
It holds public functionaries accountable to constitutional duties.
If the act in question negates the rights guaranteed under the Convention, it is declared 40 Art.
Following the aforesaid decision of the M.P. High Court in Abdul Rahman (supra), law to the similar effect has been laid down.
However, the same can be achieved by strengthening the rights of thees women and organisations such as the petitioner-Union without the intervention from state apparatus.
However, the same can be achieved by strengthening the rights of thees women and organisations such as the petitioner-Union without the intervention from state apparatus.
This largest para-military force in the world has confronted and resolved numerous key challenges to internal security.
At that stage, the delay in payment of the dues and component of interest are determined.
As has been noted hereinbefore, the appellant was involved in 8 cases relating to embezzlement.
At the time of sanction of the loan, the premises were valued at Rs. 3.16 crores.
Free tele - banking facility wherever available.
Facts so established must be consistent with the hypothesis of the guilt of the accused, and the chain of evidence must be complete, so as not to leave any reasonable ground for a conclusion consistent with the innocence of the accused, and must further show, that in all probability the said offence must have been committed by the accused.
Facts so established must be consistent with the hypothesis of the guilt of the accused, and the chain of evidence must be complete, so as not to leave any reasonable ground for a conclusion consistent with the innocence of the accused, and must further show, that in all probability the said offence must have been committed by the accused.
This is what has been done in the case in hand.
Since the public is directly interested and would be affected if the work entrusted is not carried out appropriately, and as the technical expert has found that respondent no.1 would not be a suitable company to be entrusted the work inasmuch as it had faced 73 show-cause notices from different Municipal Corporations, the High Court could not have interfered with the decision taken by the authority.
Since the public is directly interested and would be affected if the work entrusted is not carried out appropriately, and as the technical expert has found that respondent no.1 would not be a suitable company to be entrusted the work inasmuch as it had faced 73 show-cause notices from different Municipal Corporations, the High Court could not have interfered with the decision taken by the authority.
Out of these, two products which are covered by sub-heading 3306.10 are toothpaste and tooth powder.
Out of these, two products which are covered by sub-heading 3306.10 are toothpaste and tooth powder.
130) We must in the end express our deep gratitude to learned senior counsel/counsel for both sides who rendered relentless assistance and support to the Bench in arriving at its decision.
Project cost may include, besides cost of land, value of stamp duty, registration charges for sale / mortgage deed and other land development expenses.
PWs 2, 4 and 9 supported the testimony of PW1 as to which accused were present at the time of the incident, and bore which weapon.
The State Government opposed the petition.
Ans : Two hundred and fifty (250), of which 238 are to be elected and 12 are to be nominated by the President of India.
The above suggestions, drafted as a resolution of the seminar, were placed before the House, and were passed either unanimously or with an overwhelming majority.
The President expressed great admiration for the courage of the people of Vietnam and their tremendous strides in economic and social development.
The control exercised by him is limited to verifying whether an objection of a respondent on the basis of the grounds for refusal of Article V(1) is justified and whether the enforcement of the award would violate the public policy of the law of his country.
Seen both textually and contextually the argument that the term “his religion  appearing in the amended provision must be interpreted so as to confine the same to appeals in the name of “religion of the candidate  concerned alone does not stand closer scrutiny and must be rejected.
Further it was evident that the transactions had been made by SPL in the name of Hindustan Cotton Company and M.M. Sanghavi and the demands had been raised on the invoices raised.
The law so enacted under Art. 124(5) provides that any accusation made against a sitting judge to enable initiation of the process of his removal from office has to be only by not less than the minimum number of Members of Parliament specified in the Act, all other methods being excluded.
Similar disputes may arise in regard to food.
They can be tempted to change their mind.
There may be instances where the two may overlap with each other.
The entire prosecution case is based upon injured witnesses examined as PW2-Vishwanathan, PW3-Ashraf Ali, PW10-Rajesh and PW13-Anil Kumar.
As a result of the Forty-sixth Amendment, sub- of was inserted as a result whereof tax on the sale or purchase of goods was to include a tax on the transfer of property in goods (whether as goods or in some other form) involved in the execution of a works contract.
If a controversy remains concerning any of the grounds referred to in clause (a) of sub-section (1), a party may, unless otherwise agreed by the parties, apply to the Court to decide on the termination of the mandate.
The President also expressed the need to make the trade more broad based and diversified.
Hence, the Group felt that it would not be within its powers to override directions of the Council and grant any concession to certain firms.
As far as the Jisha murder case is concerned, the allegation against the appellant is of a general nature highlighting certain contradictions between his report, the First Information Report and the First Information Statement.
Eczema is more common in people with a personal history of asthma or hay fever.
The trial court was absolutely correct in appreciating the evidence on record and convicting and sentencing the accused for the offence of rape by holding that the accused had obtained the consent of the prosecutrix under a misconception of fact and this act of his amounts to an offence as the alleged consent is on the basis of misconception, and the accused raped the prosecutrix.
The trial court was absolutely correct in appreciating the evidence on record and convicting and sentencing the accused for the offence of rape by holding that the accused had obtained the consent of the prosecutrix under a misconception of fact and this act of his amounts to an offence as the alleged consent is on the basis of misconception, and the accused raped the prosecutrix.
This Court had opined that “when the High Court notices that there has been failure of justice or misuse of judicial mechanism or procedure, sentence or order is not correct, it is but the salutary duty of the High Court to prevent the abuse of the process or miscarriage of justice or to correct irregularities .....
The power under the proviso is not to be used indiscriminately or routinely.
The power under the proviso is not to be used indiscriminately or routinely.
The transferor court, namely, State of Tamil Nadu had no jurisdiction to appoint Special Public Prosecutor to represent D.V & A.C in the criminal appeals before the High Court of Karnataka.
The High Court while lancinating the finding of the learned trial Judge on this score has only given a cryptic opinion without any reason that it does not create a dent on the prosecution case.
Though our economic growth has recently declined somewhat, I am confident that we will be able to bring the deceleration to a halt and revert to the 8 per cent plus growth levels that we attained many times in the past.
Law and order represents the largest circle within which is the next circle representing public order and the smallest circle represents security of State.
It comprises of at least three forms of conduct.
Such a condition was incorporated in an undertaking taken from the employee which was held by this Court to be contrary to public policy.
PIL petitioner and respondent No.2 are hands in gloves.
Questions 1, 3, 4 and 5 were answered against the assessee, but question 2 was answered in its favour by stating that since there was no substantive provision by which interest could be levied, interest that was charged to the Appellant by the assessment orders in question would have to be set aside.
Mr. Ray also submits that the innocence of Accused No.5 can be inferred from the fact that no charges were levelled against him at the initial stages.
Therefore, it has become inevitable that effective steps have to be taken to improve or retrieve the situation.
Numerous suggestions have beea made by the earlier Law Com- missions for introducing redical reforms in the system of administration of justice.
If a man has been wronged so long as it lies within the human machinery of administration of justice that wrong must be remedied.
MP-09-S-0082 was shown to him at MRA Marg Police Station.
The charcoal mixture is made into briquettes either manually or using machines.
Shri Pravesh Kumar Nagpal (D.W.4) is the neighbour of the accused Saurabh in the commercial premises.
Before the Committee started functioning, the 9' Lok Sabha was dissolved and it was contended that the Motion in the House lapsed.
Dairying has become an important secondary source of income and employment for millions of rural families.
However, our anxiety to bring clarity and also in order to have continuity of thought while discussing a particular head, may have led to some repetitions at different places.
To increase the wage earning capacity of artisans and contribute to increase in the growth rate of rural and urban employment.
National Bal Bhavan (NBB) (External website that opens in a new window), New Delhi is an autonomous body fully funded by the Ministry of Human Resource Development, which was established in 1956 to provide opportunities of creative pursuits to children in the age group of 5 - 16 years.
The apprehension in the mind of the appellants that their statutory, fundamental and constitutional rights guaranteed under the provisions of the Act and Articles 14, 19 and 21 read with 300A of the Constitution of India are infringed at this stage is premature and misconceived.
State of M.P.
The impugned order is set aside in its entirety.
The entire amount shall be paid by OP Nos.1 & 2 within 45 days from the date of this order in default whereof, interest @9% p.a. shall be payable till full realisation.
There are other orders which are also interlocutory, but would fall into a different category.
Also, the Central Government may, by notification in the official Gazette, constitute 'the Child Labour Technical Advisory Committee' to advise the Central Government for the purpose of additions of occupations and processes to the Schedule of the Act.
From the evidence on record which has already been appreciated in detail in the preceding part of this judgment, there is no evidence except the testimony of PW-10 and PW-11 which links the accused appellants to the crime.
In other words, the Takeover Code is meant to ensure fair and equal treatment of all shareholders in relation to substantial acquisition of shares and takeovers and that the process does not take place in a clandestine manner without protecting the interest of the shareholders.
The land was conveyed to the creditor upon the condition that if the money he had advanced to the feoffor was repaid on a date and at a place named, the fee simple would revest in the latter, but that if the condition was not strictly and literally fulfilled he should lose the land forever.
Appellant Versus Janekere C. Krishna & Ors.etc. ...
The observation in para 20 of the majority judgment at best can be construed only to mean that there is no fundamental right of privacy against the State’s authority to keep surveillance on the activities of a person.
This being the case, we cannot countenance an argument which would indirectly revisit the basis or foundation of the constitutional amendments themselves, in order that one small part of Nagaraj (supra) be upheld, namely, that there be quantifiable data for judging backwardness of the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes in promotional posts.
A question without an asterisk is called unstarred and is admitted for written answers.
This scheme was recently launched by the Central Government and allows retired defence personnel to invest in this scheme at any stage of their life.
Details are given in Chapter IX.
Sub-sec.(1) of Sec.236 of the OT Act provides that any tenant including holder of a service tenure in respect of the homestead in which such tenant ordinarily resides shall be held to be an occupancy raiyat.
India is the third largest producer of fish in the world and second largest producer of fresh water fish in the world.
However, we have necessary factual details before us and as the matter is quite old, we deem it apposite to decide this issue of limitation in these proceedings itself rather than remanding the case back to the CESTAT.
However, we have necessary factual details before us and as the matter is quite old, we deem it apposite to decide this issue of limitation in these proceedings itself rather than remanding the case back to the CESTAT.
The assault on the conductor was preplanned and premeditated.
The assault on the conductor was preplanned and premeditated.
Their long history of valour and sacrifice bears testimony to the highest standards of professionalism and excellence that are the hallmark of the Indian Air Force.
In case of raw materials, the Export Import Policy of the Government regulates imports.
Madiba often acknowledged the influence of Mahatma Gandhi and the first Prime Minister of India, Jawarharlal Nehru on his own thought process.
The units chosen really tries to enter into the arena of regulation and control.
He arrested A-1 on 22nd August 2008 at Gollaveedhi, Ichapuram at 4.00 hours and recovered 1794 grams and 370 milligrams of ornaments from his possession in the presence of mediators.
The appellant again filed number of writ petitions before the High Court expressing apprehension that ESI Court may not have the power to grant the relief of exemption from the scheme of the Act and therefore prayed that the appropriate government be directed to consider the issue of exemption by personal hearing to the appellant and by conducting an inquiry.
It is quite an eye opener for all of us that the entire legislation will become ultr vires.
Whoever prints or publishes any matter in relation to any proceeding before a court with respect to an offence referred to in sub-section (1) without the previous permission of such Court shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to two years and shall also be liable to fine.
It may at the outset be stated that proviso (b) to Article 124(2) and Article 124(4) of the Constitution of India deal with the removal of a Judge of the Supreme Court and proviso (b) to Art.217(1) with removal of Judges of the High Court for ‘proved misbehavior or incapacity’ by orders of the President passed after ‘an address by each House of Parliament’ supported by a majority of the total membership of that House and by a majority of not less than two-thirds of members of the House present and voting.
The meeting deliberated on institutional matters, project status and work programme.
The Explanation 1 to sub-clause (f) includes a society, club, firm or an association or body of persons, whether incorporated or not.
In the contempt petition filed by the appellant for non compliance of the directions of the High Court dated 5th August, 2005, MPRTC was restrained from handing over the possession of the property or to create third party interest/rights.
The test is whether the claim in the subsequent suit or proceedings is in fact founded upon the same cause of action which was the foundation of the former suit or proceedings….
It should not require any extraordinary effort nor should be dependent, either wholly or in part, upon any act or omission of a third party for its compliance…….
This would serve the purpose of the State.
Under the Project Uptech, the Bank has taken initiative in implementing Energy Efficiency Programme for its SME clients.
Thus, the Investigating Officer tried to search for the said vehicle and came to know that it belonged to Jayanna @ P. Aya (A.3).
On receipt of the report from the Standing Committee in 2009, the MMDR Amendment Bill, 2008 was passed by both the Houses of Parliament in 2010 and ultimately was inserted in the 1957 Act providing for competitive bidding for allocation of coal blocks by the Central Government.
This order will, however, not prevent the State Government or the appropriate authorities from taking any future steps for blacklisting the appellant if the Government is so entitled to do in accordance with law i.e. after giving the appellant due notice and an opportunity of making representation.
This order will, however, not prevent the State Government or the appropriate authorities from taking any future steps for blacklisting the appellant if the Government is so entitled to do in accordance with law i.e. after giving the appellant due notice and an opportunity of making representation.
Simultaneously with the execution of this Deed, the Assignor shall send a notice addressed by the Assignor to the clients and other related persons at their last known addresses informing them of the assignments of Debts and the Financial Instruments to the Assignee and instructing them to pay all amounts constituting the Debts to the Assignee and a copy of the said notice shall be delivered to the Assignee.
The written submissions filed on behalf of respondent No.1 also do not indicate any steps till this time so as to say that he was all the while ready and willing to complete the transaction.
Once this Court is in seisin of a cause or matter before it, it has power to issue any order or direction to do “complete justice  in the matter.
F Separation of powers: a nuanced modern doctrine 44 The submission of the Attorney General is that the carefully structured dividing lines between the judicial, executive and legislative wings of the state PART F would be obliterated if the court were to scrutinize or judicially review reports of parliamentary committees.
The major constituents of the Indian financial system are banks, financial institutions, non - banking financial companies and venture capital companies.
That judgment rendered by a Bench of Three Judges in somewhat identical facts, in our view leaves no scope for accepting the second contention on behalf of the appellant.
Vels Education Society filed a Writ Petition in the High Court of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh seeking a direction to the second Respondent not to approve the scheme of the first Petitioner for starting a dental college.
The above said finding of fact has not been set aside by the appellate authority in exercise of its appellate jurisdiction.
The above said finding of fact has not been set aside by the appellate authority in exercise of its appellate jurisdiction.
The Consultation Paper received widespread recognition not only within the country but outside the country also.
The intent of the Parliament is clear that it is only that body which is referred to in sub-Section (1) of , that is competent to confer or grant degrees.
It is endowed with rich, green land of rolling plains, fertile valleys and dense forests.
In the light of the facts leading to the issuance of G.O. dated 08.08.2017, all matters were disposed of without going into the merits.
The law must take affirmative steps to achieve equal protection of law to all its citizens, irrespective of sexual orientation.
Resultantly, while maintaining the quantum of fine, in respect of four counts of offences punishable under the cumulatively at Rs.4000/-, the aggregate default sentence shall be four months; and in respect of three counts of offences punishable under the MCOC Act the fine shall be Rs.15 lakhs cumulatively with default sentence of three years in aggregate.
On this ground, suggestion of the institutions to achieve the purpose for which Committees had been set up by post-audit checks after the institutions adopted their own admission procedure and fee structure were rejected.
The issues arising and the contentions advanced therefore will have to be examined from the aforesaid limited perspective which we are inclined to do in view of the importance of the questions raised.
Hot and Cold Compresses: Head, Lung, Kidney, Gastro - Hepatic, pelvic & Abdominal hot and cold compresses.
In fact, the said apprehension is not well founded.
The extreme position that every law which imposes a tax is to be regarded as a hindrance to trade, commerce and intercourse is unsustainable.
The sixth submission was that it looked highly improbable that no villager could witness the incident except Guddi(PW-9).
However, it is also an undisputed position that an order was passed by this Court on 18.02.1991, specifically observing that the respondent was entitled to be reinstated with 100% backwages.
Intervention in food security, education, skill development, employment, technology dissemination, health and nutrition, housing, drinking water and sanitation would go a long way to uplift the quality of rural life and address poverty concerns.
Intervention in food security, education, skill development, employment, technology dissemination, health and nutrition, housing, drinking water and sanitation would go a long way to uplift the quality of rural life and address poverty concerns.
For our development to be real the poorest of our land must feel that they are part of the narrative of rising India.
The Supreme Court is the final court in the hierarchy of our courts.
On 15 April 2005, considering the judgment of this Court in Milind (supra), the appointment of the respondent to the post of Assistant Executive Engineer was protected and he was regularized on the post considering it as an open category post.
This being the position, the Act cannot be held to be unconstitutional.
This being the position, the Act cannot be held to be unconstitutional.
He, thus, submitted that if there was any breach of the said provision, the Income Tax Department was well within its right to charge interest and/or impose penalty.
We specifically asked learned counsel for the respondents whether copies of any Sale Deeds had been produced by the defendants before the Reference Court.
The appellants failed to give any reasonable justification for effecting such material alterations in the site plan of plot No.27 number of times, within such a short span of time of one and a half years.
PW-1 has proved the factum of both accused last seen together outside the main door of house of deceased.
After orders dated March 02, 2016 were passed by the Court modifying some of the said 26 conditions, on April 18, 2016, this Court granted one week time to the respondents to comply with its directions.
The proposition presented is that despite all the poetic licence and liberty of perception and expression, whether ‘poem’ or ‘write-up’ can use the name of a historically respected personality by way of an allusion or symbol in an obscene manner.
In the absence of any explanation, it gives rise to a sense of doubt.
For the purpose of the present case, I do not even want to embark upon an enquiry whether the constitutional fascination for the basic structure doctrine be made a Trojan horse to penetrate the entire legislative camp.
Where the length of engagement as daily wager has not been long, award of reinstatement should not follow and rather compensation should be directed to be paid.
Where the length of engagement as daily wager has not been long, award of reinstatement should not follow and rather compensation should be directed to be paid.
However, as they constitute public property/national asset, while distributing natural resources, the State is bound to act in consonance with the principles of equality and public trust and ensure that no action is taken which may be detrimental to public interest.
For the purpose of this sub-section “Provisional Parliament  shall include the body which functioned as the Constituent Assembly of the Dominion of Indian immediately before the commencement of the Constitution Inserted by Act 40 of 2006 – effective from 15-9-2006 as originally enacted provided that an MP, to be eligible for Pension must have completed four years of tenure in Parliament.
After the elections to the State Assemblies in 1946, he became the Minister for Home and Revenue in Bombay.
That 14.15 acres equivalent to 22 Bighas and 10 Biswas of land submerged forming part of the Lakebed and could not have been leased out.
Sumanbhai Kantibhai Patel and others3, after analysing earlier decisions on the point, it has been held that neither the Magistrate suo motu nor on an application filed by the complainant/informant can direct further investigation.
It is plain from the terms of the Insurance Policy that the insured vehicle was entitled to carry six workmen, excluding the driver.
The validity of the seventy-seventh and eighty-fifth amendments to the Constitution and of the legislation enacted in pursuance of those amendments PART B was challenged before a Constitution Bench of this Court in Nagaraj.
Due to certain legal proceedings etc, Mesco could not get the lease deed executed.
Secondly, the provisions of the Act, 2007 made excessive reservations thereby leaving hardly any seats for unreserved categories, which is not permissible in view of the judgment of this Court in .[2] and subsequent decisions reiterating the dicta in T. Devadasan.
The National Commission for Backward Classes was constituted by the National Commission for , 1993 (Act 27 of 1993).
The petitioners have challenged the order dated 10.9.2013 passed by the Government of Karnataka asking Shri G. Bhavani Singh – respondent no.4, Special Public Prosecutor (hereinafter referred to as ‘SPP’) in a pending prosecution against the petitioners not to appear in the said matter; the communication dated 14.9.2013 passed by the Chief Justice of High Court of Karnataka at Bangalore by which the Chief Justice has approved the removal of Shri G. Bhavani Singh as SPP, as well as the consequential order dated 16.9.2013 issued by the State Government removing the respondent no.4 from the post of SPP.
The banking services of Postal department are in the form of saving, recurring, term deposit and national saving certificates schemes.
Therefore, the arbitrator was under no obligation to give an item - wise break - up of the heads under which the amount has been awarded.
A-53 also gave a long sports bag to A-41 in which 3 rifles, 16 magazines, 25 hand grenades and 750 bullets were kept.
In our opinion, it would be appropriate that the MCI, as well as the Government of India, should take a final decision after inspection, by the end of February or latest by the end of March.
There is no doubt that none of the employees have any right to retain the allotted premises, more particularly since the allotment was not a part of their condition of service.
Annexure 'C' of GP Application form duly signed by Chartered Accountant.
The country is proud of your contribution - in creating the technological manpower essential for our nation - building and your noteworthy contribution to the economic growth of our nation.
The offering of income of Rs.6.23 crores for taxation by Mr. D. N. Taneja did not make any reference to the undisclosed income of the Assessee.
On 22.9.1993, the Secretary of the Society provided all the required documents sought by the Department of the Co-operative Societies.
Indeed, the release of part of the land in landowners’ favour and retention of the remaining land for accomplishing the project vide notification dated 20.08.1994 was in the nature of a bargain.
The heavy reinvestment of such profits, year after year, by a company may cause dissatisfaction among shareholders as they may get lower dividends.
Thereafter, Appellant moved I.A. No. 7064 of 2006 in the Contempt Petition before the High Court to implead the Transport Department - Respondent No. 2 herein, as a respondent in the Contempt Petition.
Adoption of some neighbourhood villages to effect holistic change and transform them into model villages can be a very good beginning.
There was also no provision either in the Code or anywhere else to treat a court within whose jurisdiction the arbitral proceedings took place as the court which passed the decree.
A sapling of the Holy Bodhi Tree from Bodh Gaya was gifted by President Pranab Mukherjee to President Truong Tan Sang.
Total 215 persons have been shortlisted during the interviews conducted from 30th August to 16th September 2010 and all are in the process of positioning in 29 States / UTs.
Further we find that even in 2001, at the time of audit inspection, the appellants have taken a firm stand not only regarding the includibility of royalty but also the question of very excisability of the food flavour itself.
In the realm of making a choice between life imprisonment and death penalty the above consideration is germane when the scope for awarding death penalty has now shrunk to the narrowest circle and that too only when the alternative action is “unquestionably foreclosed .’ 3.37 Zahira Habibulla H. Sheikh v. State of Gujarat“ relates to the communal riots in Gujarat, popularly known as “Best Bakery Case .
Every Judge of the Supreme Court shall be appointed by the President by warrant under his hand and seal after consultation with such of the Judges of the Supreme Court and of the High Courts in the States as the President may deem necessary for the purpose and shall hold office until he attains the age of sixty-five years.
However, we clarify that it is open to the statutory authorities to make exemptions by issuing a notification/circular specifically if such a vehicle is exclusively used for agricultural purposes but for that sufficient specifications have to be provided so that it cannot be used for commercial purposes.
Dual criminality is recognised and required for extraditing alleged offenders from the US.
The learned counsel for the appellant would submit that the said decision is distinguishable as in the said case the plaintiffs were not parties to the impugned sale deed.
As per the settled law, when any appointment is to be made in Government or semi-government or in public office, cases of all eligible candidates are be considered alike.
As per the settled law, when any appointment is to be made in Government or semi-government or in public office, cases of all eligible candidates are be considered alike.
While adverting to those decisions, it would be necessary to note that each of the decisions was rendered in the context of the provision as it then stood.
Second, the arbitral tribunal was not constituted as per the agreement obtaining between the parties.
Persons with income less than Rs. 400 p. m. working in unorganised sectors – for journeys upto maximum 100 Kms.
Subsequently in a supplementary statement, he has narrated the details of the incident.
When my brother was going towards east in the road in front of the road near the house of Jayapal, Jayapal came with a spike, Savier came with a sickle and Jayaseeli came with no weapon.
When my brother was going towards east in the road in front of the road near the house of Jayapal, Jayapal came with a spike, Savier came with a sickle and Jayaseeli came with no weapon.
The first appeal is a valuable right and the parties have a right to be heard both on questions of law and on facts and the judgment in the first appeal must address itself to all the issues of law and fact and decide it by giving reasons in support of the findings.
The first appeal is a valuable right and the parties have a right to be heard both on questions of law and on facts and the judgment in the first appeal must address itself to all the issues of law and fact and decide it by giving reasons in support of the findings.
It is to be noted that these Guidelines are not regarded as binding legislation; and just as they do not create any legal right to compensation, they also do not create any legal bar to compensation, payment of compensation remains at the discretion of the Crown.
The said entries further corroborate with the confessions of various accused persons that they did not have to go through any checking at the Airport in Pakistan.
In Ashok Tanwar the Constitution Bench did make a reference to the primacy of the Chief Justice of India in the context of the appointment of a judge of the superior court and noted that the Chief Justice is best equipped to know and assess the work of the candidate and his suitability for appointment.
We must develop our universities into global leaders, and for that, the best practices in other countries should be carefully studied and adopted with necessary changes to suit our conditions, he added.
You are the master of your destiny in this journey and you have been fully equipped by the able faculty of IIT Delhi.
After the injuries were inflicted the injured has fallen down, but there is no material to show that thereafter any injury was inflicted when he was in a helpless condition.
However by the end of 1948, 432 farmers had joined village societies. The quantity of milk handled by AMUL Dairy increased to 5, 000 litres a day.
Therefore, as per unrebutted evidence, it has been proved that the contract was form within the jurisdiction of this court.
PW20 had taken a video of the post mortem carried out at the spot which corroborated the items found on the body/samples taken from the body.
A group of 17 Ashoka Fellows for the year 2015 led by Shri Anshu Gupta, Magsaysay Award Winner called on the President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee today (February 12, 2016) at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
The Court referred to the Wildlife (Protection) Act, and to permits issued thereunder, and observed that the livelihood of tribals should be considered in the context of maintaining ecology in the forest area.
However, he has made efforts to assist the Court.
The TVC should also promote the organisation of weekly markets, festival bazaars, night bazaars, vending festivals on important holidays etc. as well as take up necessary improvement of infrastructure facilities and municipal services with the urban local body concerned.
The powers given to the Committee should also enable it to fix accountability and the concerned Ministries should act upon the decisions of the Committee within a specified time.
She also suggested Secretary (Financial Services) over and above the two experts.
Although the facts of this case are quite dissimilar, the principles laid down in this case, are instructive and should be borne in mind.
An open invitation to the lawyers to compete for the posts is by far the best mode of such selection.
An open invitation to the lawyers to compete for the posts is by far the best mode of such selection.
(3) The court may properly exercise discretion to decree specific performance in any case where the plaintiff has done substantial acts or suffered losses in consequence of a contract capable of specific performance.
As a responsible maritime nation, it becomes incumbent upon our country to ensure peace and stability in our maritime neighbourhood.
However, this Court in Indian Hotel and Restaurants Association (1) dealt with similar argument and observed that ‘we are not impressed with any of these submissions’ as the submission was based on ‘unfounded presumption that women are being/were trafficked in the bars’.
In case of admission to medical institutions, an MRC can have in, for the purpose of allotment of institutions, of his choice, the option of taking admission in a college, where a seat in his category is reserved.
The draftspersons were clear that the imbibing of new constitutional values by the population at large would take some time.
The case of the petitioners was that on a proper interpretation of the Act (Juvenile Justice (Care and , 2000), the Juvenile(respondent) was not entitled to the benefits under the Act but was liable to be tried under the penal law of the land in a regular criminal court along with the other accused.
In the Court, PW-67 recognized the spot panchnama (Exhibit No. 337) as accurate.
It is revealed that the appellant had inflicted the first blow on the deceased in his chest and he fell on the ground.
His response was that this argument is completely fallacious.
Hence, the impugned order would have to be quashed and set aside and is accordingly set aside.
Mr Karkhanis is right that this matter is no longer res Integra. .
The claimant was a driver on heavy vehicle and due to the accident he has been rendered permanently disabled.
As on 31 March 2014, about 1, 33, 847 (CSC website) CSCs are operational with different brand names and have started delivering services to people.
The High Court has mechanically considered the aforesaid decision of this Court in the case of Shiji (supra), without considering the relevant facts and circumstances of the case.
As we have already found that the allocations made, both under the Screening Committee route and the Government dispensation route, are arbitrary and illegal, what should be the consequences, is the issue which remains to be tackled.
Our answer to Question No.II is in the affirmative.
In N.R. Raghavachariar’s Hindu Law — Principles and Precedents, (8th Edn.) edited by Prof. S. Venkataraman, one of the renowned Professors of Hindu Law para 468 deals with “Definition of Stridhana .
Had the defence of juvenility been raised before the High Court and the fact that Kalu alias Amit was a juvenile at the time of commission of the offence has come to light the High Court would have had to record its finding that Kalu alias Amit was guilty, confirm his conviction, set aside the sentence and forward the case to the Board and the Board would have passed any appropriate order permissible under Section 15 of the Juvenile Act (see Hari Ram).
Statutes which are meant for protecting and preserving forests and achieve larger public interest, cannot be construed narrowly as contended.
All questions will have to be considered by the concerned Court in accordance with law.
Law on this subject is well settled in the judgments cited by Mr. Hegde.
However, the interpretation given to in Eicher Tractors Limited (supra) as to the meaning of the word ‘payable’ used therein would be still applicable.
As per the ratio in Ramesh Gobindram (Supra) the exclusive jurisdiction lies with the Tribunal to decide only those disputes which are referred to in and .
After ascertaining the legislative intention as reflected in the Forty-second Report of the Law Commission and the Report of the JPC, this Court is only harmoniously construing the provisions of Chapter XXXVI along with other relevant provisions to give effect to the legislative intent and to ensure that its interpretation does not lead to any absurdity.
In that regard, she has drawn inspiration from [2], [3], [4] and [5]. Pyramiding the said facet, it is urged by Ms. Bhati that in the instant case, the sentence being higher for the offence of possession under the , such a provision cannot be made retrospectively applicable to him.
Prepare well before an interview and ask the right questions to the candidate to ensure that you hire the right person that matches the job requirements.
If the decision to change the policy is arbitrary or capricious then it may be struck down.
Further case of the appellant is that the appellant company took additional term loan from 2nd respondent for Rs.11,37,000/- which was sanctioned on 31.3.1992 on the said basis the appellant company has full rights over the plot in question.
There may be many good reasons for the authors of the Constitution giving separate treatment to gas and gas-works.
Thus, one can deduce the underlining principle that the ownership is nonetheless legal over the trust property, which vests on him but he also acts as a trustee of the beneficiary.
Thus, one can deduce the underlining principle that the ownership is nonetheless legal over the trust property, which vests on him but he also acts as a trustee of the beneficiary.
It is needless to state that simply because someone calls an activity as a ‘Works Contract’ that by itself will not ipso facto make the activity a ‘Works Contract’ unless the activity as explained in the document affirms and confirms to the effect that the said activity is nothing but a ‘Works Contract’.
On 26.8.1989 at about 6.00 a.m. they along with servant Bahadur, were sitting in the verandah of the house of Prabhunath and at that time accused persons Sudarshan Varma armed with country made pistol, Deep Narain armed with gun, Jagdish armed with axe (Farsa), Rajendra and Ganesh Datt armed with lathis came there and accused Sudarshan shouted to kill them today itself and by so saying he fired at Prabhunath with pistol and accused Deep Narain fired gunshots at PW2 Motilal and Raj Bali and accused Jagdish attacked PW2 Motilal with axe on neck which he defended by left hand resulting in injuries and accused Rajendra and Ganesh attacked them with lathis.
In such cases, the Courts will have to adopt a relatively liberal approach towards the tenant.
It will be noticed that unlike is a narrowly drawn provision with several safeguards.
Long delay in courts causes great hardship not only to the accused but even to the victim and the State.
It facilitates the movement of both men and materials from one place to another within a country.
Today, it has become a 150-bed hospital, alongside facilities for post-graduate education and research.
The respondents filed an application for modification of the condition of deposit and for extension of time.
It is a law just like any other law made under the Constitution.
During the pendency of the public interest litigation filed by Jethwa, the name of the appellant and his nephew emerged as the powers behind the illegal mining mafia.
At about 1 p.m., he received a call from Javed Chikna informing him to come prepared for going to Dubai and to meet him at the Hindustan Soda Factory, Mahim.
Apart from manned counters for dispensing tickets, there are also automatic ticket vending machines (ATVM) that are operated using smart cards and touch screens.
Articles 302 to 304 embody re-statement of powers under and the Seventh Schedule.
Prem Chand Verma was never the owner of the suit property.
First Special Promotion Board (SPB), for this purpose was held on 20 th January, 2016 but he was not empanelled to the rank of Lt. Gen. by the said Board.
This observation of the trial Court is also totally incorrect as the evidence of the witness of the defendants is in consonance with the pleadings of the defendants in the written statement, specially in paragraph 5A of the written statement.
Cross-objection of tenant was allowed.
The subsidy cum refinance scheme under the Jawaharlal Nehru Solar Mission (JNNSM) was launched by the Ministry of New & Renewable Energy (MNRE), GoI in November 2010, to encourage replacement of non - renewable energy sources like fossil fuels, kerosene and diesel with solar energy to meet energy requirements.
Thereafter the appellant was issued a show cause notice dated 3 January 2006 by the first respondent to explain why his services should not be terminated.
Cornea is composed of strands of connective tissues called 'collagen fibers'.
Salus Populi Supremo Lex  which means the safety of the people is the supreme law and the other is 'Salus republicae supremo lex' which means safety of the State is the supreme law.
In the matter of the Central Provinces and Berar Sales of Motor Spirit and Lubricants Taxation Act, 1938 RCP, A.I.R. 1939 Federal Court 1, the Federal Court decided, through Chief Justice Maurice Gwyer, that excise duty under the Government of India Act, 1935 is a power to impose duty of excise upon the manufacturer of excisable articles at the stage of or in connection with manufacture or production.
We are restricting our discussion only to sub-section 3 of Section 7-A and 4-A of the M.L. Act and the P.B. Act respectively.
The receipt is taken on record.
Easy access to this information is vital in ensuring that there is adequate interest by various kinds of financial firms in coming up to the committee of creditors with proposals.
There is no dispute that the dealings of the company with non- members take place in the ordinary course of business carried on with a view to earning profits as in any other commercial concern.
Single reference point for all matters relating to Food Safety and Standards, regulations and enforcement.
It is submitted that as 2013 Act is a beneficiary Act, a liberal interpretation should be adopted in favour of the land owners whose land has been compulsory acquired.
It is submitted that as 2013 Act is a beneficiary Act, a liberal interpretation should be adopted in favour of the land owners whose land has been compulsory acquired.
It was submitted that while awarding the work to ESSEL, HSIIDC ought to have acted in accordance with the terms of substitution/tripartite agreement dated 08.01.2007 and HSIIDC committed breach of contract by not incorporating the suitable condition in the new concession agreement for the payment or take over of lenders’ dues by the new concessionaire/ESSEL.
After independence, it was felt that some changes be brought in the Act to fulfill needs of people in the present day.
The starting point has to be the quality of products emanating from our education system. Engineering is a preferred discipline accounting for one fourth of the total enrolment in higher education.
Referring to the Agreement dated September 13, 2011 between Jaypee and three affiliates of FOWC, the argument of Mr. Rohatgi was that the so- called rights given to Jaypee were transferred back to FOWC affiliates inasmuch as Beta Prema 2 acquired circuit rights, mainly media and title sponsorship, whereas Allsports was given paddock rights.
The twin girls are so much alike that I can 't tell one from the other.
The experience of the first 50 years of the functioning of democracy in this country disclosed some undesirable trends that have crept into its working.
CONSTITUTIONAL PROVISIONS Having regard to the aforesaid submissions which have been put forth from various perspectives, we shall proceed to deal with the ambit and scope of the constitutional provisions which are relevant in the present context and how they are to be interpreted on the parameters of constitutional interpretation and on the bedrock of the precedents of this Court.
Thus, in terms of the 1992 Act as also the policy and the procedure laid down thereunder, the terms are required to be applied in different situations where for different orders have to be made or different provisions in the same order are required therefore.
The patient may cease to identify with his or her intellect and revisit an earlier desire not to prolong life.
Promoters stay in control of the company even after default.
However, it is not only difficult but is inherently impossible to state with precision such principles.
However, it is not only difficult but is inherently impossible to state with precision such principles.
The tongue had protruded between the teeth.
Where any such appointments are made, they can be challenged in the court of law.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee presented the Rashtrapati Scout/Guide/Rover/Ranger and Adult Leader Awards/Certificates for the year 2014 at a function at Rashtrapati Bhavan today (December 8, 2015).
Action, generally means a litigation in a civil Court for the recovery of individual right or redress of individual wrong, inclusive, in its proper legal sense, of suits by the Crown  - [Bradlaugh v. Clarke 8 Appeal Cases 354 p.361]. Unlike civil actions, where the Plaintiff has the burden of filing and proving its case, the responsibility of investigating a crime, marshalling evidence and witnesses, rests with the State.
Some of the important changes proposed to the CPC are listed below: i. Order V, Rule 1(1) and Order VHI, Rule 1 to now provide thirty days to the defendants to file their written statements and an additional ninety days, subject to the satisfaction of the Court and on the payment of costs.
The old Specific Relief Act, 1877 in Section 21 thereof contained an illustration of an agreement between an author and a publisher as of agreements not specifically enforceable.
This argument, in the opinion of the Court, is not tenable.
These devices have been widely used in many places and have received State and National recognitions.
The medical evidence shows the cruel manner of causing injuries on the face, nails and body of the child at the time of committing rape which was followed by murder.
The medical evidence shows the cruel manner of causing injuries on the face, nails and body of the child at the time of committing rape which was followed by murder.
However, a new agreement was signed in the year 1998 under which nuclear waste had to be retained and stored in India.
One can also find orders and reportsare given.
It is obvious that , though couched in negative language, confers the fundamental right to life and personal liberty.
If co-delinquent accepts the charges, indicating remorse with unqualified apology lesser punishment to him would be justifiable.
If co-delinquent accepts the charges, indicating remorse with unqualified apology lesser punishment to him would be justifiable.
But, it was urged on behalf of the Union and the States that, though there might be implied limitations on other powers conferred under the Constitution, there cannot be any implied limitations on the amending power.
So central are these abeyances, together with the social temperament required to sustain them, that when they become the subject of heightened interest and subsequent conflict, they are not merely accompanied by an intense constitutional crisis, they are themselves the essence of that crisis.
It may request the Government and the Government may permit it to avail of the services of a Government hospital for the purpose of the college free of charge.
The High Court erred in relying upon the above order of Director of Agricultural Marketing and directing APMC to allot the said large gala to respondent No.2 without keeping in view the norms fixed by the Daud Committee.
The petitioner has also not approached the Coordinate Bench seeking review of the order.
It is pertinent to note here that the permission to add Sections 3, 4 and 5 of TADA had been granted by the Home Secretary, the competent authority, much earlier and no such permission was sought for from the Director General of Police by the DSP.
This is how the matter reached the U.S. Supreme Court.
So the ponds are usually very shallow and they cannot hold enough rainwater to continue till summer.
Administration & Coordination is looking after the internal administration including RTI and other activities.
If the sale of beer and wine as a consequence of grant of FL-11 licenses discloses an increase or if there is a trend towards serving beer of a higher alcohol content, the State will have to review its stand, failing which it would inexorably invite further litigation.
He pacified his niece.
Since electoral politics is a combination of several factors, often issues like ethnicity or other markers of the candidate may overcome the reputational loss he suffers from the criminal records.
Due to a misinterpretation, NPA was included for the purpose of giving the benefit of stepping up the pension in the case of retired medical officers.
NABARD has been implementing Natural Resource Management projects (Watershed Development and Wadi Development Programmes) for the past 20 years under Indo - German collaboration with support from KfW and GIZ.
That block was not in the identified list of captive mining.
The Law Commission in its 127' Report at p.5-13, has also suggested that because of reduction of value of rupee, Court fee may be increased with certain exceptions.
In Gaya Prasad relying on earlier decisions, this Court held that the crucial date for deciding as to bona fide requirement of landlord is the date of his application for eviction.
In case you find a particular post or content inappropriate or unsuitable in nature you can report the particular comment by clicking on the spam button which is attached with each and every discussion or task post.
Two injuries of circular holes on posterior parts were caused by fire arm & rest of the injuries by hard & blunt object.
Two injuries of circular holes on posterior parts were caused by fire arm & rest of the injuries by hard & blunt object.
On 10.02.2014 orders were passed posting about 257 teachers.
This discretion, in some cases follows the law implicitly, in others or allays the rigour of it, but in no case does it contradict or overturn the grounds or principles thereof, as has been sometimes ignorantly imputed to this Court.
The clauses in the Equipment and Material Supply Contract (01.02.2012) between Rishabh and Juwi India clearly indicate that the Rishabh has entered into Lease Agreement with Dante Energy and that the Rishabh proposes to source Photovoltaic products/panels etc. and similar Solar Power generating equipments for onward lease of those goods to Dante Energy.
He further revealed that one day when they were in Dubai, Shakil told him that he would go to Pakistan for weapon training but the arrangement had not yet been finalized.
He further revealed that one day when they were in Dubai, Shakil told him that he would go to Pakistan for weapon training but the arrangement had not yet been finalized.
Thus there is no room for any doubt, that the above provision was rendered inapplicable, insofar as the petitioner is concerned.
This structure should be constructed away from buildings and trees, so also away from industrial or vehicular pollutants.
Accepting this argument would mean that in a situation where the tenant does not default on rent payment for three consecutive months, or does not commit a breach of the terms of the lease, it is not open to the lessor to terminate the lease even after giving a notice.
On determining the number of vacancies to be filled up, he would decide the number of vacancies to be filled up by way of direct recruitment, and by promotion from the rank of Steno Assistant Sub-Inspector.
On determining the number of vacancies to be filled up, he would decide the number of vacancies to be filled up by way of direct recruitment, and by promotion from the rank of Steno Assistant Sub-Inspector.
The trial court shall proceed with the trial in the criminal complaint cases.
The trial court shall proceed with the trial in the criminal complaint cases.
It would be for them to apply before the Magistrate and it is for the Magistrate concerned to take appropriate decision on such application.
While IITs could provide technical solutions for the same, IIMs can make available their managerial expertise.
Therefore, the same cannot be termed as erroneous in law and need not be interfered with by this Court in exercise of its appellate jurisdiction.
The Court went on to hold that these words are not synonymous terms.
These policy measures and incentives together with advantages like low - cost and high - skill manpower; well - developed and globally competitive auto ancillary industry; established automobile testing and R & D centres; production of steel at lowest - cost, etc. provide attractive investment opportunities in the sector.
The provision of this section does not indeed annul the conveyance or the transfer otherwise, but to render it subservient to the rights of the parties to a litigation.
Since December 1997, in most Lok Sabha constituencies the limit was Rs 15,00,000/-, although in some States the limit is Rs 6,00,000/- (for Vidhan Sabha elections the highest limit is Rs 6,00,000/-, the lowest Rs 3,00,000/-).
The fact that the proceeding had concluded would be immaterial, because s. 195 (1) (b) does not require that the proceeding in any Court must actually be pending at the time when the question of applying this bar arises.
It does not apply to commercial premises and, therefore, there is no question of tenants being evicted from commercial premises.
Court.--There shall be a Supreme Court with the constitution, powers and jurisdiction recommended by the ad hoc Committee on the Union Judiciary, except that a judge of the Supreme Court shall be appointed by the President after consulting the Chief Justice and such other judges of the Supreme Court as also judges of the High Courts as may be necessary for the purpose.
The on - going liberalisation brought in its wake enhancement in the investment outlay of small scale sector.
The order of 16th September, 2008 was set aside by the High Court on the ground that the Guardian Court had no jurisdiction to entertain the proceedings since the child was not ordinarily resident in Delhi.
There is no concept of 'abandonment or disuse' in such case.
It is a case of circumstantial evidence as there is no eye-witness to the actual incident of killing.
On account of increase in number of issues other than constitutional law or substantial questions of general importance, all the Benches are engaged in handling the heavy routine work.
Therefore, the whole point is that there should not be any regulation or any conditions of such a nature which would favour the goods produced in the Unit as against those produced and imported from outside.
Total foreign equity holding including FDI / NRI / OCB / FII in the applicant company not to exceed 49%. Within the foreign equity, the FDI component not to exceed 20%.
Obviously not.
The first is that the High Court transgressed the limits of its jurisdiction in issuing a declaration annulling the marriage of Shafin Jahan and Hadiya in the course of the hearing of a habeas corpus petition.
The buds and leaves of Cannabis are ground into a paste to prepare Bhang.
Infrastructure development for India is, thus, both an imperative and a key concern.
Plaintiff Andisamy Chettiar and defendant Subburaj Chettiar are sons of Ayyappan Chettiar.
The living constitutionalist approach in my view is preferable despite these criticisms, for two reasons.
In my opinion, the fact that Air India or its nominee are the shareholders of the Corporation and in the management of business and finances, it is subject to the directions issued by Air India in terms of the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association shall not merge the Corporation’s identity in shareholders.
The punitive theory is wholly irrelevant because the person attempting suicide does no wrong to others.
Without attempting to indulge in any form of notional psychoanalysis of the child witness (PW5), we wish to emphasize that she was not subjected to any cross-examination on this point and hence any form of conjecture on this point would be wholly improper on our part.
India serves as the fastest growing start-up base worldwide and stands third with 4,200 start-ups, next only to US and UK.
India serves as the fastest growing start-up base worldwide and stands third with 4,200 start-ups, next only to US and UK.
The High Court failed to appreciate that the appellant had not granted long adjournments to the accused-complainant as the appellant wanted to conclude the trial at the earliest.
Both leaders expressed confidence that Papua New Guinea with its abundant natural resources and India with its managerial and technical expertise presented complementarities which could be built upon for the mutual benefit of the two countries.
In the present case, as we notice from the factual matrix, the crime had taken place because Ram Narayan had suspected that the accused persons were responsible for extinguishing the life spark of his son.
II, p. 328. After tentatively defining the composition of the new forum, the Commission approached the question of jurisdiction to be conferred on this forum.
The State has also furnished a list of expunged cases and the persons who were wrongly included.
It is further relevant to notice that the appeal, which was filed by judgment debtor was withdrawn by judgment debtor, which in no manner had impaired the interest of the appellant, who was legal heir of decree holder.
Appellant had a longer period of hospitalization for about two months causing also inconvenience and loss of earning to the parents.
Appellant had a longer period of hospitalization for about two months causing also inconvenience and loss of earning to the parents.
The disposal of natural resources is a facet of the use and distribution of such resources.
Members typically draft approximately 60 opinions each year, half of which are published.
The description of offence given under paragraph 11 of the Schedule to PMLA for Section 24 of the SEBI Act reads as 'acquisition of securities or control', which is different from the description given to the Section under the SEBI Act, which describes the Section as 'Offences'.
Metadata and data mining make the individual’s personal information subject to private companies and the state.
It was brought to our notice that the steel rod used to kill Gangamma was recovered at the instance of Prakash.
The Court noted that the effect of gases is rapid as the fatal period for carbon monoxide with 10% concentration is within 20-30 minutes while the fatal period of hydrocyanic acid is 2-20 minutes.
Wherein the issues related to bilateral co - operation on exchange of hydrological information between the two countries were discussed.
In the light of the foregoing discussion, we do not find any merit in the two circumstances relied upon by the appellants to sustain the plea of bias against the Commissioner State Excise qua them.
It is a subordinate office of the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, located at Kolkata.
On the view of this sub- section suggested for the appellant, not only would an application made after the award was pronounced be excluded from sub-section (4) but also an application made before the commencement of the arbitration i.e. for the filing of an agreement of reference and for a direction thereupon.
Civilizations have nourished, reached their peak and passed away.
The jurisdictions that have to be dealt with, by Judges of the higher judiciary, are large and extensive.
The Tribunal has directed Kerala to release water in excess of 30TMC to Karnataka and Tamil Nadu until it is capable of utilizing the full capacity.
It is no doubt true that the entire case of the prosecution hinges upon the neighbours and the widow of the victim, who may be interested in securing conviction of the accused persons but no rule of law prescribes that conviction cannot be based on the testimony of such witnesses.
As held by this Court in Rajasthan High Court .
While Karnataka claimed a quantity of 408 TMC for irrigation of 27.29 lakh acres, the Tribunal arbitrarily considered an area of only 18.85 lakh acres while allocating water to Karnataka.
If he chooses not to act on the accusation made in the form of motion by the specified minimum number of Members of Parliament, the matter ends there.
Furloughs or parole can help prepare offenders for success.
I am unable to subscribe to the view that when right to enforce the right under is suspended, the result would be that there would be no remedy against deprivation of a person’s life or liberty by the State even though such deprivation is without the authority of law or even in flagrant violation of the provisions of law.
High Court pursuant to Supreme Court order dated 9.9.92 at your cost and consequences.
If the examining body has proceeded to evaluate the answers on the basis of actual provision of Order XVII Rule 1, it is not a matter where particularly there is no right to revaluation, we are persuaded to interfere.
The dispute is to be resolved under , which provides for informal resolution of dispute.
When there is only one forum for revisions against orders passed by the Sessions Court, there is no necessity for having two alternative forums for challenging an order passed by a Magistrate.
This MMP has been conceived with a view improve services for customers in the General Insurance sector.
However, the CIC and SICs which are the final appellate authorities under the , and are the guardians of the Act are taking many months, and in some cases even years, to decide appeals and complaints due to accumulation of pending appeals/complaints.
As admittedly by the letter dated 05-02-2007, the scheme had not been withdrawn and in fact no decision rejecting their claim thereunder had ever been conveyed to the respondents, the action of the appellants in endeavouring to deny the benefit thereunder is patently arbitrary, whimsical and unconstitutional, she urged.
The acquirers were not strangers to the target company.
Similarly, has been inserted by the same (No.25 of 2005) to provide for examination of a person accused of rape.
This petition is bereft of any merit and is accordingly dismissed.
There was no label affixed on the arms and ammunitions.
If the obtaining factual matrix is adjudged on the aforesaid principles and parameters, there can be no scintilla of doubt that the appellant, a successful scientist having national reputation, has been compelled to undergo immense humiliation.
Shri K.M. Jani who was allegedly present not only stated that he did not represent the Clearing Agent of the appellants in that he was not their employee but also stated that he was not present when the samples were taken.
The deceased wife then went to the house of Avtar Singh (nephew of the complainant), and he took her to the house of the accused and also paid them Rs.2000/- and requested him to treat the deceased nicely.
Taking all these submissions into consideration, the learned Amicus suggested that we issue, amongst others, the following directions: shall be held by the Judicial Magistrate or the Metropolitan Magistrate, as the case may be, within whose local jurisdiction the offence has been committed.
The losses may be due to fraud, dishonesty, misappropriation of funds, goods or damages to property caused by the employees.
Thereafter, accused Nos.1, 2 and 3 put the dead body into a borewell.
Thereafter, accused Nos.1, 2 and 3 put the dead body into a borewell.
In his message toHis Excellency Tommy E. Remengesau, Jr., the President of the Republic of Palau, the President has said, 'On behalf of the Government, the people of India and on my own behalf, I extend sincere congratulations and warm felicitations to you and to the friendly people of the Republic of Palau on the occasion of your Independence Day.
How useful the vision is depends on personal experiences and whether the person has been trained to make the most of his / her vision.
It would suffice if the principles laid down by some of these decisions cited before us and relevant to our discussion are culled out.
Now the vehicle in the present case weighed 5920 kilograms and the driver had the driving licence to drive a light motor vehicle.
TNPCB, as already indicated, has also accorded consent to operate vide proceeding dated 28.08.2012 incorporating stringent standard of 7oC over and above the ambient temperature of sea for the discharge of effluents, through the cooling water and trade effluent and included permission for discharge of effluents from desalination plant.
Hence the GR dated 20 March 2003 will continue to apply.
So, the possibility of the recovery memo being prepared in the daylight at the time of the day meeting with night popularly called as ‘Dusk’ is absolutely credible.
It may further be noted that normally tenure of office of the Chairman and members is of short duration of three to five years.
But in every case, if an argument against relief, which otherwise would be just, is founded upon mere delay, that delay of course not amounting to a bar by any statute of limitations, the validity of that defence must be tried upon principles substantially equitable.
Ghalwat was cashiered and given 14 years’ RI.
While terrorism poses difficult questions for every country, it poses especially challenging questions for democratic countries, because not every effective means is a legal means.
Thus, the findings of both the courts below are erroneous and suffer from error in law and therefore, the same cannot be allowed to be sustained by this Court.
It was recommended that candidates found involved in any irregularity/criminal activity in the TET examination be prohibited from the selection.
It was asserted that the practise of restricting the entry of women between the ages of 10 to 50 years is an essential and integral part of the customs and usages of the Temple, which is protected under Articles 25 and 26 of the Constitution.
The licences must be for a period of 1 year.
Power to declare areas to be disturbed areas.—If, in relation to any State or Union Territory to which this Act extends, the Governor of that State or the Administrator of that Union Territory or the Central Government, in either case, if of the opinion that the whole or any part of such State or Union Territory, as the case may be, is in such a disturbed or dangerous condition that the use of armed forces in aid of the civil power is necessary, the Governor of that State or the Administrator of that Union Territory or the Central Government, as the case may be, may, by notification in the Official Gazette, declare the whole or such part of such State or Union Territory to be a disturbed area.
On reference, the High Court confirmed the death sentence.
Hence, the recommendation deserves to be rejected.
Technology development and innovative ideas can transform the lives of the common man, society and the nation.
On clicking the link , the citizen is guided to CPGRAMS page where the grievance is registered and after due registration, a unique registration number is generated.
The Judges of the superior courts have been entrusted with the task of upholding the Constitution and to this end, have been conferred the power to interpret it.
The Judges of the superior courts have been entrusted with the task of upholding the Constitution and to this end, have been conferred the power to interpret it.
The focal theme for the 100th session of the congress is 'Science for shaping the Future of India'.
Even in the State of Tamil Nadu the post of Chairperson remains vacant.
Even so the availability of power and its exercise are two distinct matters.
The two medical examinations and the documents referred to above come from proper custody and lend complete corroboration to the appellant’s age being above 16 years on the date of the occurrence.
On other words clients, trading member can apply for arbitration.
In that view of the matter the application for impleadment has been rightly rejected by the High Court.
For the purposes of limitation, in so far as legal notice is concerned, it is to be served within 30 days of the receipt of information by the drawyee from the bank regarding the return of the cheque as unpaid.
When an expression is not defined, one can take into account the definition given to such expression in a statute as also the dictionary meaning.
Under both the Acts read with the relevant Rules, tax on Mobile Towers is levied on the yield from the land and building calculated in terms of the rateable value of the land and building.
In the present case, we find that these Airlines are allowed to land and take-off their Aircrafts at IGIA for which landing fee is charged.
A perusal of the Rule clearly reveals that the possession of higher qualification would presuppose the acquisition of the lower qualification prescribed for the posts.
It may be that only the Corporation taking action under and on their taking possession they became deemed owners.
But, regard being had to the suicide note and other concomitant facts that have been unfurled, we are compelled to recapitulate the saying that suicide reflects a “species of fear .
In my opinion, it is not necessary to refer to all the material cited by learned counsel.
In addition, a competent authority may devise appropriate unilateral procedures, conditions, methods and techniques to facilitate the above-mentioned bilateral actions and the implementation of the mutual agreement procedure.
Ashok Narayan Muneshwar …Appellant Versus State of Maharashtra through STF,CBI … Respondent AND CRIMINAL APPEAL NO.
Furthermore, a proposal had been sent by the Capital Project Administration for sanction of budget but the same was not approved by the Finance Department.
In this background, Entry 50 of Part-B is meant to accommodate only such left over electronic system, apparatus etc. which are not specified elsewhere in the Schedule and are therefore chargeable at the rate of 3%.
The appropriate legislature can also be the Parliament . in the matter of levy, assessment, collection and enforcement of any tax referable to entries in the Union List.
However, the above distribution was made as if the roster point accrues from point number 9 to 13 of the roster (all these roster points are UR) for 30% selection.
In the instant case, the Joint Charity Commissioner was required to consider the interest and benefit of the Trust.
Further, according to the learned counsel, the contesting plaintiff’s specific assertion in the deposition about readiness and willingness has remained unshaken in the cross-examination.
23) While this argument may be as appealing as it sounds, yet we are not inclined to interfere on this point of challenge in order to maintain the equity among parties.
The prosecution has based its case on circumstantial evidence.
The adaptation of the Kisan Credit Card Scheme by different banks has lead to easy availability of agricultural credit and an increase in agricultural productivity.
The Rajasthan High Court, in view of a judgment rendered by its Full Bench negatived a challenge to the provisions of the Act.
In dealing with this question, it is necessary to bear in mind one fundamental feature of a Federal Constitution.
Thirdly, both the students (DW-1 and 2) were the chance witnesses who came forward to help the appellant and lastly, even according to appellant, he did not dispute that money was recovered from his body.
Thirdly, both the students (DW-1 and 2) were the chance witnesses who came forward to help the appellant and lastly, even according to appellant, he did not dispute that money was recovered from his body.
Based upon the prevalent thinking of the U.S. Supreme Court, a seminal judgment was delivered by Mathew, J. in Gobind (supra).
We are unable to accept these conclusions as the court has substituted its own opinion ignoring the complexity of the issue on a highly technical subject, more particularly as the questions raised by the court had not been put to the expert witnesses.
Chapter XIX of the Manual deals with remission and reward.
The use of word ‘such’ implies similarity with what is specifically mentioned before the general expression.
It is residuary power; it is extraordinary in its amplitude, its limit, when it chases injustice, in the sky itself.
Sadhu Sah (PW-6) and Dhodhai Sah (PW-7), both village Panches have not supported the occurrence.
Speaking on the occasion, the President said that steps are required to secure for the poor and the needy greater access to food.
In the absence of concerned Minister the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs assures the House or the individual Members that their sentiments would be conveyed to the concerned Ministers.
Instead of coming all the way to the District Office the citizens can now avail several government services at the tehsil, block and town level itself.
In view of the aforesaid directions, the judgment and order passed by the High Court is modified and the civil appeal and the transfer case are disposed of leaving the parties to bear their respective costs.
It was observed that the inaction of the States was in the teeth of the directions given by this Court and additionally the States and Union Territories ought to realize that they have to operate in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution of India.
However, it also cannot be denied that he has proved to be a useful officer to the Navy.
In the circumstances, for a justifiable reason, which was not within the control of the appellants, they could not execute the sale deed and the sale deed had been registered only on 24th September, 2004, after the suit filed by Shri Ranjeet Lal, challenging the validity of the Will, had been dismissed.
This effect is a result of the concrete expression of their skills, and more precisely, their propensity to innovate.
We at IFCI believe that learning never stops and investing in development of Human Capital bring the best results.
This was the basis of the Commission’s recommendation for the abolition of the death penalty in Great Britain.
Waste Utilisation and Recycling.
There seems to be no variation in the pistol which was seized by the police and the one that was examined by the ballistic expert.
When the matter came to be examined in the Sankalchand Himatlal Sheth case5, with reference to , another Constitution Bench of this Court, reiterated the conclusion drawn in the Samsher Singh case11, by holding, that in all conceivable cases, “consultation  with the Chief Justice of India, should be accepted, by the Government of India.
In Rukmini1, the scope of revisional power under Section 20 of the Kerala Rent Control Act fell for consideration before a 3-Judge Bench.
The Biotech Park initiative at Bangalore, Karnataka is being pursued for the promotion of Public Private Partnership.
Admittedly, the relationship between the appellant and respondent was opposed by the wife of the respondent, so also by the parents of the appellant and her brother and sister and they knew that they could not have entered into a legal marriage or maintained a relationship in the nature of marriage.
Admittedly, the relationship between the appellant and respondent was opposed by the wife of the respondent, so also by the parents of the appellant and her brother and sister and they knew that they could not have entered into a legal marriage or maintained a relationship in the nature of marriage.
Besides, the Central Official Language Implementation Committee [headed by Secretary, Department of Official Language and consisting of Joint Secretaries (In-charge Official Language) of all the Ministries/Departments as ex-officio members] reviews the status of use of Hindi for official purposes of the Union, training of its employees in Hindi and implementation of instructions issued from time to time by the Department of Official Language.
In view of the importance and the inevitable need of translation in the progressive use of the Official Language Hindi, it was obligatory to have an organization for translation work.
The fact that Anju Ali was dealing with forged currency notes was not to the knowledge of the Police.
In the first, the commission of offence itself may come to knowledge, though the offence was committed in the parent unit, after the accused was sent on attachment.
Whoever voluntarily has carnal intercourse against the order of nature with any man, woman or animal, shall be punished with [imprisonment for life]35, or with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine.
The Court observed: “There is nothing in the Section either to exclude voluntary appearance or to suggest that the appearance of the accused must be in obedience to a process issued by the Court.
So, these reforms were vehemently opposed by all the leaders, including the Muslim leader Muhammad Ali Jinnah.
Therefore, we need not be detained by the question whether the provision as such is applicable in respect of claim based on extra lead.
Therefore, we need not be detained by the question whether the provision as such is applicable in respect of claim based on extra lead.
Hence, the present appeals.
The courts do not normally order specific performance of a contract to build or repair.
Once this teleological interpretation dawns, the mist of misconception about matter-of-course invocation of the power to strike out will vanish.
He was at pains to point out that at no stage does either the Regulation or the Tariff Order seek to regulate, directly or indirectly, the content of the matter contained in the television channel that is beamed.
Founding a new business can be enormously fulfilling and exhilarating, but it is also an anxiety - ridden and tense experience.
The court sits in judgment on the action of a coordinate branch of the government.
In his statement, he accepted, that when he had returned to the police station after visiting the site of occurrence, the accused- respondent Kishanbhai was already present at the police station.
Note 2(a) stipulates that parts and accessories which are goods included in the heading of the said Chapter, i.e. Chapter 90, are to be classified in their respective headings.
Principle 15 of the Rio Conference of 1992 relating to the applicability of precautionary principle, which stipulates that where there are threats of serious or irreversible damage, lack of full scientific certainty shall not be used as a reason for postponing cost-effective measures to prevent environmental degradation, is also required to be kept in view.
Thus, respondent No.1 was aware about the same.
The Contractor shall prepare and furnish to the Engineer once in every month an account giving full and detailed particulars of all claims for any additional expenses to which the Contractor may consider himself entitled to and of all extra or additional works ordered by the Engineer which he has executed during the preceding month and no claim for payment for and such work will be considered which has not been included in such particulars.
Coming to the facts of the present case, it has been sufficiently proved that the death was caused due to consumption of oreganophosphorus compound which is a pesticide.
We find, however, that the second aspect on which the High Court has opined calls for no interference.
So interpreted CrPC must mean that sentences awarded by the court for several offences committed by the prisoner shall run consecutively (unless the court directs otherwise) except where such sentences include imprisonment for life which can and must run concurrently.
Question No.10 :Did police torture to give statement in any manner?
An enactment cannot be struck down on the ground that court thinks it unjustified.
Final decision will be taken accordingly.  In view of the above, the matter was placed before the Law Commission of India for its opinion and appropriate recommendation.
Written statement was filed by the defendants in which written statement in paragraph 4 of the statement plea was taken that suit is barred by limitation.
He further contends that the claim of the members of the respondents that they have a vested right to get the renewal of their license in the railway stations referred to supra and that the government cannot expand its competitors is completely unsupported in law.
Secondly, as the Swami believed, it is today, an urgent imperative to both improve and also expand our education system.
No.KA- 02/HY-6637 drove the vehicle in a rash and negligent manner as to endanger human life on Laggere Muneshwara Layout, 2nd main road.
He submits that benefit of the Act, 1993 cannot be allowed to the appellant.
They wish to do all they can to preserve the Welsh language.
They shall apply to technical institutions and Universities including deemed Universities imparting technical education and such other courses/programs and areas as notified by the Council from time to time.
Plaint Schedule ‘B’ property admittedly belonged to Zainam Beevi and upon her death, it devolved on her legal heirs.
The buyers nominated M.V. Haci Resit Kalkavan as the vessel for loading of the goods.
In order to meet the ends of justice, it would be just and proper to order payment of interest at 12% per annum for the date of deposit made by him on different amounts indicated above.
She has produced investigation reports and she states that the corresponding vouchers were torn by her daughter in a fit of anger.
While alleging that the intention of the accused had been of breach of trust and cheating, the complainant pointed out that he got served the notices on the accused after dishonour of the cheques but did not receive the requisite payment.
While alleging that the intention of the accused had been of breach of trust and cheating, the complainant pointed out that he got served the notices on the accused after dishonour of the cheques but did not receive the requisite payment.
15) The arguments of learned counsel appearing on behalf of the appellant that the High Court has not satisfied itself that it is expedient in the interest of justice to proceed with the matter does not appear to be correct.
If the High Courts entertain bail applications invoking their extraordinary jurisdiction under and pass orders, then the very scheme and object of the Act and the intendment of the Parliament would be completely defeated and frustrated.
In view thereof, he left the police station immediately at 9.40 A.M. and reached the place of occurrence.
This causes the light to becomes partially polarized (due to a phenomenon called Brewster 's angle).
Hon'ble Mr. Justice Uday Umesh Lalit pronounced the non-reportable judgment of the Bench comprising Hon'ble Mr. Justice Dipak Misra and His Lordship.
The whole scheme of Criminal Procedure envisages foolproof system in dealing with a crime alleged against the accused and thereby ensure that the guilty does not escape and innocent is not punished.
Regular exchanges and wide dialogue between our two peoples are important to enhance our mutual understanding and goodwill.
The allegations made were baseless.
It may have some effect and operation within the State also.
Article 37(a) states: States Parties shall ensure that: (a) No child shall be subjected to torture or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.
As rightly observed by the High Court, the appellant belonged to the clan of PW4’s in-laws.
The testator died in 1945.
Allah knows and you do not know.
There is no entry in the List I of the Seventh Schedule indicating that the Parliament could make a law with regard to the creation of a new State or the extinguishment of an existing State.
Hence, even if there is non-impleadment of one of tort feasors, the claimant was entitled to full compensation quantified by the Tribunal.
Therefore, it was submitted that accordingly the provisions of should be construed by us so as to negate the power of removal with the Corporation.
They have described the ill-treatment meted out to the deceased and the demand of dowry made by the appellant.
These companies did not have any employees also.
On the basis of data obtained from the device, the Government charged Jones for several offences.
Police officer's power to investigate congnizable case.
The Government owns and controls hundreds of acres of public land valuable for mining and other purposes.
The Government owns and controls hundreds of acres of public land valuable for mining and other purposes.
The incubation period is 28 days in turkey.
For medical and pharmaceutical purposes, use of ordinary cotton is not permissible.
For medical and pharmaceutical purposes, use of ordinary cotton is not permissible.
The power under is not confined only to issue specified writs but power conferred to the High Court is to issue directions, orders or writs including writs in the nature of habeas corpus, mandamus, prohibition, quo warranto and certiorari or any of the rights conferred by Part III and for any other purpose.
Thereupon, he ceased to be on the Board of Directors of the MPSIDC.
Treat your personal aims and the greater good as one integrated whole, without separating them .
Treat your personal aims and the greater good as one integrated whole, without separating them .
We, therefore find that the evidence adduced by PW-3, PW-4, PW-5 and PW-6 is that the seven persons abducted by the appellants were found in different police stations and also in residential quarters near the police station.
But, we took the school bag and threw it in the canal.
All the accused persons were using abusive language, thereafter, Brajesh gave an axe blow on the back of his head, as a result of which, he fell down.
Even though there are several other issues raised in the writ petition, in view 11 (2014) 13 SCC 436 CRIMINAL APPEAL NOS.
What has to be seen in exercise of judicial review of administrative action is to examine whether proper procedure has been followed and whether the reserve price which was fixed is arbitrarily low and on the face of it, unacceptable.
What has to be seen in exercise of judicial review of administrative action is to examine whether proper procedure has been followed and whether the reserve price which was fixed is arbitrarily low and on the face of it, unacceptable.
As per the respondents, the appellant primarily committed two kinds of breaches, namely, the appellant did not supply the list of location where the contract objects had to be installed and, further, the appellant also did not renew the Letter of Credit (LC) through which the lease rentals were being paid for the installed objects.
From Lucknow I went to my village and from there I went to Nepal and met Mirza Dilshad Beg, Member of Nepal’s Parliament and spoke to him about getting some weapons as I had heard that he was also dealing in such items.
The said order is under challenge by the complainant in the present appeal.
In this context, it is understood that some NBFCs are adding making charges etc. to the value of the gold jewellery determined in terms of paragraph 2(iii) of ‘the circular’.
In the next few years, we envisage a spend of a trillion US Dollars on infrastructure.
The preamble to the Constitution, which is the guiding star for interpretation, incorporates the values of liberty, equality and fraternity.
That was a case where the assessee did not file a return for three assessment years and died in the meantime.
There is an inherent right in very person to bring a suit of civil nature and unless one’s choice.
Myriad other matters necessary for smooth elections have been taken care of by several provisions of the Act.
It was pointed out, that daily-rated employees were not subjected to either of the aforesaid contingencies/consequences.
She gave a graphic account of the conspiracy and the parts played by the accused and her own share in the transaction.
The third stratagem adopted by the executive was to withhold recommendations made by the Chief Justice and instead forward its own recommendation to the Union Government.
Thereafter, if on giving the purchaser an opportunity to be heard, the Collector comes to a conclusion that the purchaser has failed to do so, he has to determine the payment of compensation, and pass an order that the land shall vest in the State Government.
According to the State, in those days, women folk of the particular community obstructed the police from entering their houses where the accused were hiding.
As a result of the fiction, a matter which “might and ought  to have been made a ground of defence or attack in a former suit shall be deemed to have been a matter directly and substantially in issue in such a suit.
It is alleged by the defendant that the plaintiff has filed suit for permanent injunction only to evade partition of the property.
With rapid changes occurring in science education and research, only those countries having a technological edge will emerge successful in the fiercely competitive global market.
In support, he referred to a speech of the Prime Minister in Parliament and a transcript taken from the video-tape of a televised debate.
At a descriptive level, privacy postulates a bundle of entitlements and interests which lie at the foundation of ordered liberty.
He used the fire arm also in commission of the offence.
The systolic blood pressure (the top number) represents the pressure in the arteries as the muscle of the heart contracts and pumps blood into them.
Chivalry, a perverse sense of human egotism, and clutching of feudal megalomaniac ideas or for that matter, any kind of condescending attitude have no room.
Chivalry, a perverse sense of human egotism, and clutching of feudal megalomaniac ideas or for that matter, any kind of condescending attitude have no room.
Mohammed Riyas dealt with the issue whether the election petitioner is required to file two affidavits – one affidavit in support of the allegations of corrupt practices and the second affidavit in compliance with the requirements of Order VI Rule 15(4) of the CPC.
Section 10 enumerates general powers and procedure of the Tribunal and Section 11 empowers the Tribunal to give appropriate relief and direction.
In this appeal, by special leave, the appellant has challenged judgment and order dated 23/01/2013 passed by the Division Bench of the Bombay High Court dismissing the writ petition filed by him challenging order of detention dated 16/4/2012 issued by the detaining authority i.e. the Principal Secretary (Appeals and Security), Government of Maharashtra, Home Department under the provisions of Section 3(1) of the Conservation of Foreign Exchange and , 1974 (for short, “the said Act ).
As per the prosecution, Laxmi was cremated before the parents or maternal uncle/aunt of the deceased could reach the place of the appellant.
The statement of PW5, Complainant Dharmender Kumar Sharma was recorded by PW28 Insp.
I take this opportunity to congratulate all the Air Warriors on parade for their impeccable drill and smart turnout.
But by personal compliance with an order for retransfer judgment in favour of the plaintiffs could be rendered effective.
But by personal compliance with an order for retransfer judgment in favour of the plaintiffs could be rendered effective.
He was seen taking away the victim Gomi.
He was seen taking away the victim Gomi.
One more aspect which is to be taken into account is that in almost all the writ petitions the candidates appointed, not to speak of the candidates selected, were not made parties before the High Court.
One more aspect which is to be taken into account is that in almost all the writ petitions the candidates appointed, not to speak of the candidates selected, were not made parties before the High Court.
Be it noted, we have heard the learned counsel appearing for the parties, Mr. Luthra, learned senior counsel for the respondent-State, Mr. Ramachandran and Mr. Hegde on the question of sentence.
If, after the exercise of (I) above, none of the officers are found suitable for appointment as DGsMS of services, against available vacant posts, officers of Maj Gen (and equivalent) rank, already approved for promotion to Lt.
At the most, admission of documents may amount to admission of contents but not its truth.
The order is passed on the subjective satisfaction of the Government.
Such a construction defeats the purpose of the article itself.
Failure to produce accounts, in circumstances such as have been proved in the present case, would be a very suspicious circumstance.
In the absence of qualified hands under item (i) above, by transfer from qualified Upper Primary School Assistants / Lower Primary School Assistants in the subject concerned under the Educational Agency.
Season ticket without identity Card and photo of the holder affixed thereon are invalid.
This principle is fundamental to any system of justice and applies to our jurisprudence.
Of late I have heard quite disturbing reports about the integrity of Sri S.D. Singh, A.D.J., Dhanbad.
Senior citizens who are 65 years and above as on 31st March of the assessment year should be pensioners.
Locus standi of the complainant is a concept foreign to criminal jurisprudence save and except that where the statute creating an offence provides for the eligibility of the complainant, by necessary implication the general principle gets excluded by such statutory provision.
Locus standi of the complainant is a concept foreign to criminal jurisprudence save and except that where the statute creating an offence provides for the eligibility of the complainant, by necessary implication the general principle gets excluded by such statutory provision.
Accordingly, the words “his religion  must be construed as referring to all the categories of persons preceding these words.
Since this aspect of the matter has not been gone into by the High Court, we allow this appeal and set aside the impugned order.
The State is very rich in bio - diversity; large areas are still virgin forests.
The false explanation by the accused is yet another militating circumstance against them.
By extending the same relaxation to particularly blind/low-vision and in general all disabled at par with SC & ST disabled would bring parity amongst all persons with disabilities irrespective of their vertical categories.
The stand that the requirement to fill up 624 vacant posts was not felt cannot be said to be arbitrary warranting a mandamus to appoint the appellants.
After enactment of the above Act, in order to consolidate the existing instructions in line with the provisions of the Act, on 29.12.2005, Government of India, Department of Personnel and Training, issued certain instructions by way of an Office Memorandum (OM), with regard to the reservation for the persons with disabilities (physically handicapped persons) in posts and services.
On the other hand, Mr. Basant submitted before us, relying upon a Federal Court judgment and an earlier Constitution Bench judgment of this Court in AIR 1968 SC 327 that if a detention order fails because of technical defects, the self same grounds can always be utilised in the second detention order.
The statement of the doctor that it was shot from a distant range has not been challenged in the cross-examination.
We say so because even if upon verification and further testing of the seized contraband in such already concluded cases it is found that the same is either replaced, stolen or pilferaged, it will be difficult if not impossible to fix the responsibility for such theft, replacement or pilferage at this distant point in time.
This situation also arose in Ruchi Majoo where Ruchi Majoo had invoked the jurisdiction of the domestic court before Rajiv Majoo but in fact Rajiv Majoo obtained a substantive order from the foreign court before the domestic court.
Leadership Holders of public office should promote and support these principles by leadership and example.
The essential religious practices test should merit a close look, again for the above reasons, in an appropriate case in the future.
Consequently, this contention was rejected.
The agenda for the two-day conference includes internal and external security, strengthening the delivery systems of Government Programmes, extending the second Green Revolution to Eastern Region, water management and sanitation, Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) and role of Governors in the context of quality and good governance in higher education as Chancellors of Universities.
The Legislature may have the power to remove the basis or foundation of the judicial pronouncement but the Legislature cannot overturn or set aside the judgment, that too retrospectively by introducing a new provision.
It would be appropriate for us, to refrain from entertaining a determination on the issue in hand, irrespective of the opinion expressed in the four judgments relied upon by learned counsel for the petitioners, and the Quranic verses and ‘hadiths’ relied upon by the rival parties.
Considering the rates applicable as in the case of CPWD structures as up date by cost index, the value of the structure including godowns is estimated at Rs.42 lakhs.
The High Court also took into account pleadings made in the counter/reply submitted by respondent No.1 as opposed to only considering the averments made in the election petition.
The High Court also took into account pleadings made in the counter/reply submitted by respondent No.1 as opposed to only considering the averments made in the election petition.
Police Control Room (PCR) van took the prosecutrix to All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) hospital.
As indicated above, the Financial Commissioner exercised the power after 15 years of the order of the Collector.
Thereafter, the Pension Sanctioning Authority is directed to sanction the pension/gratuity/commutation of pension after proper scrutiny of the cases forwarded by the concerned Public Sector Undertaking and issue pension payment order to Pension Disbursing Authority strictly as per para 6 of the scheme notified on 29.10.1999 with interest @ 9% per annum, within a period of 12 weeks from today.
According to PW-4 during this visit she could notice that the three accused would go to the plateau (Nandos) ostensibly for hunting though they never returned with any prey.
According to PW-4 during this visit she could notice that the three accused would go to the plateau (Nandos) ostensibly for hunting though they never returned with any prey.
This was preceded by the draft seniority list.
Provide reservation to the extent of 15 per cent and 7. 5 per cent for SC and ST students respectively.
On the other hand, if the purpose is a private or non-public one, the mere fact that the hand that acquires or requires is Government or a public corporation, does not make the purpose automatically a public purpose.
That is because a reasonably prudent person could foresee danger to those attending a function in a place big enough to accommodate only 500 to 600 people but stretched beyond its capacity to accommodate double that number.
That is because a reasonably prudent person could foresee danger to those attending a function in a place big enough to accommodate only 500 to 600 people but stretched beyond its capacity to accommodate double that number.
Mr. Chacko, learned counsel then relied upon the decision in G.M. Siddeshwar (supra).
So far as the medical evidence is concerned, the High Court has dealt with the opinion of Dr. K. Padmavathi (PW.10), who has referred to Modi’s Medical Jurisprudence and Toxicology, wherein it has been stated that, “hyoid bone and superior cornuae of the thyroid cartilage are not, as a rule, fractured by any other means other than by strangulation , although the larynx and the trachea may, in rare cases, be fractured as a result of a fall.
Jalgaon, Maharashtra.
Normally, almost all the descendants in the family get training in the same field and adopt this as a profession and means of livelihood.
Unhesitatingly, we upset all the three orders of the courts below and reject the application of the assignees for impleadment under Order 22 Rule 10 CPC.
Accordingly PW.1 identified A-2 to A-4 successfully.
The ultimate aim and object of floating such a Scheme was for the purpose of effective functioning of the banks so as to enable them to compete with private banks.
On behalf of the Government and the people of India as well as on my own behalf, I extend our heartfelt condolences to your Government and the bereaved and displaced families. Please convey my sympathies to those affected and sincere wishes for the speedy recovery of the injured.
The architecture of Aadhaar poses a risk of potential surveillance activities through the Aadhaar database.
She is competent to take a decision for herself.
Arrangement is not proper as detailed in the report.
After the deposit of the amount of around Rs.95 crores, as paid by the NHAI, in terms of the said order, several attempts have been made by the respondents herein for withdrawal of the said amounts purportedly for meeting some of the liabilities of the company.
We have perused the papers contained in the sealed envelope and are of the view that the CBI shall take action in accordance with the views expressed by the Director, CBI on the issue of prosecution of public servants and the companies in connection with the said case.
We have perused the papers contained in the sealed envelope and are of the view that the CBI shall take action in accordance with the views expressed by the Director, CBI on the issue of prosecution of public servants and the companies in connection with the said case.
Likewise, members of different levels in the cadre of Data Entry Operators, were no longer eligible for onward promotion to any post of ministerial cadre.
Likewise, members of different levels in the cadre of Data Entry Operators, were no longer eligible for onward promotion to any post of ministerial cadre.
On the way, the FIR was lodged at 5.30 p.m. and thereafter the injured and the deceased were taken to the PHC and then to the civil hospital.
In Susamma Thomas, this Court increased the income by nearly 100%, in Sarla Dixit the income was increased only by 50% and in Abati Bezbaruah the income was increased by a mere 7%.
The legislature has very clearly enumerated the grounds for disqualification and the language of the said provision leaves no room for any new ground to be added or introduced.
Periodic interaction between the Visitor and the inspired teachers and innovators.
There cannot be a straight jacket formula.
In the case of death sentence, there must be special reasons.
We get an uncanny feeling that this aspect is introduced just to make the appellant a suspect and thereafter to rope him in a case of murder.
In the absence of the State’s action, it was not possible for the builder to enter into the transactions in question which was followed by withdrawal from acquisition.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has extended his greetings and felicitations to the Government and the people of the United Mexican States on the eve of their Independence Day (September 16, 2015).
Thus, Entry 22 in List I is “Railways , and Entry 89 is “Terminal taxes on goods or passengers, carried by railway, sea or air; taxes on railway fares and freights .
For the testimony of this deed, the said parties in the year mentioned hereinabove in the presence of below-signed witnesses have signed herein in Ratlam, which are true and correct and so that this document may be utilized when it is needed.
For the testimony of this deed, the said parties in the year mentioned hereinabove in the presence of below-signed witnesses have signed herein in Ratlam, which are true and correct and so that this document may be utilized when it is needed.
Absence of standing water leads to more weed growth in SRI.
That does not stand in the way of a Writ of Mandamus being issued to the State to properly consider the claim of the petitioner for payment of pension according to law .
That approach is un-exceptionable, except that it may be necessary to mould the relief further as would be indicated hereinafter.
It is submitted that interim order has been issued by Division Bench of Madras High Court being fully satisfied on prima facie case of the EIH Ltd., the balance of convenience and irreparable loss being in favour of the plaintiffs.
More recently in Centre for (2013) 9 SCR 1103, again this Court has recognized that right to life under includes right to health.
SISI, Universities, Club members / committee.
Therefore, while the judgment in Bharathidasan (supra) has excluded the requirement of approvals from AICTE, the approval of a university or course cannot be granted without the recommendation and satisfaction of all relevant competent bodies.
In other words, a law made by Bihar shall be applicable to all the territories of the erstwhile State of Bihar including the territories of the State of Jharkhand even after reorganisation.
Thereafter, the High Court referred to the authorities mentioned hereinbefore and appreciated the principles stated therein and eventually dismissed the Writ Petition.
No doubt, the appellants have not led any evidence to show actual cost of each tree, in order to arrive at the precise quantum of damages.
Accordingly, the appeal is allowed, and the Election Petition filed by the respondent is dismissed.
It shall not be lawful for any person to print or publish in any manner any matter in relation to any proceeding under this part.
With regard to the ‘entry register’ relied upon by Mr. Prashant Bhushan it is stated that a copy thereof has not been supplied to the counsel for the CBI and in any case it is the subject matter of an enquiry before another Bench dealing with the 2G spectrum case.
By its judgment under appeal the High Court rejected the Reference and allowed the Appeal acquitting the respondents of the charges leveled against them.
It was a case of unnatural death.
Wasan Motors received the cash payment.
In the case of the first session after each general election to Lok Sabha, the President addresses both Houses of Parliament assembled together after the Members have made and subscribed the oath or affirmation and the Speaker has been elected.
Therefore, the word “product  has been used by the Legislature in its wisdom with all its cognate variations and it cannot be interpreted to have a limited meaning.
The petitioner is directed to remit a sum of Rs.50,000/- (Rupees fifty thousand only) to the second respondent for deposit into the District Mineral Foundation Trust that has been constituted under the aegis of the second respondent.
The requesting entities pass the encrypted data to the CIDR through the ASA and the response (Yes/No authentication or e-KYC information) also takes the same route back.
Thus, under the revised scheme post November, 1994, it is only a dealer (other than a manufacturer) who could keep a vehicle for a limited period of time under a trade certificate.
The economic reforms unlocked the entrepreneurial skills of the Indian mind cutting across the various sectors of the economy.
Generations of judges have dealt with such allegations in the context of civil and commercial disputes.
Coming to cases of U.S. Supreme Court, learned counsel submits that trend of cases indicates that effort is on shifting the test of discrimination.
The respondents could have approached the appellants for reconsideration of their demand towards penalty, in terms of Clause 30.3 of the contract; and persuade the appellants to waive the penalty amount to be recovered from them.
The acts of criminal intimidation by members of unlawful assembly or others acting at their instance or otherwise are also made punishable with mandatory minimum sentence.
However, on the facts of that case the Bench of two Judges while upholding the cancellation of the status of Mahadeo Koli which was fraudulently obtained, directed that the student who had completed the course of medical studies be allowed to appear for the final year examination of the M.B.B.S. degree course but not as a candidate belonging to a Scheduled Tribe.
The courts have further shown themselves willing to ‘lifting the veil’ where the device of incorporation is used for some illegal or improper purpose….
It would be adding insult to injury to tell a woman that her claim of rape will not be believed unless it is corroborated in material particulars, as in the case of an accomplice to a crime.
The learning strategies include; learning through printed self - instructional material, audio and video programmes, participating in personal contact programme (PCP), and Tutor Marked Assignments (TMA).
The submissions of the learned senior counsel was that going by the Preamble to the enactment, the purport of the legislation was to provide education in all fields in the forefront, apart from prosecution of research in Vedic learning and practices.
So, the manufacturer or the owner of trade mark has to come up to the expectations of the consumers to make his Trade Mark acceptable to them.
The citations referred for taking recourse of the finding by lower court is not of the nature for finding the conclusive proof of conviction of the accused persons sought to be summoned rather it is held therein that there must be reasonable prospectus of the case against the newly added accused ending in the conviction for the offence concerned for summoning of the accused.
The citations referred for taking recourse of the finding by lower court is not of the nature for finding the conclusive proof of conviction of the accused persons sought to be summoned rather it is held therein that there must be reasonable prospectus of the case against the newly added accused ending in the conviction for the offence concerned for summoning of the accused.
The state is not bound to make reservations for the SCs and STs in promotions.
Exposure to environmental factors (soaps, detergents, chlorine, and other irritating substances).
A review of the caselaw discussed earlier and other comparative examples shows that the said misconducts broadly surfaces in the form of disregard of procedural rules such as improper disclosure of information; falsifying or planting or fabricating evidence; withholding, suppressing or destroying exculpatory evidence; coercing confessions/recoveries or other abuse of process of law etc.
As noted above, M / s Fly Jac Forwarders Transporters as well as M / s Sagar Warehousing Corporation have filed applications being IA 7863 / 2003 and IA 7864 / 2003 seeking vacation of the said ex parte ad interim order.
The second question is also answered in the negative.
If the prosecution is able to prove its case beyond reasonable doubt and cumulatively, the evidence of the prosecution, including the time of death, is proved beyond reasonable doubt and the same points towards the guilt of the accused, then it may not be appropriate for the court to wholly reject the case of the prosecution and to determine the time of death with reference to the stomach contents of the deceased.
There would be no presumption of constitutionality in a pre-constitutional law (like Section 497) framed by a foreign legislature.
Civil Rules Practice, Rules 157 to 159 (old), {corresponding to Rules 225 to 227 of the Civil Rules of Practice and Circular Orders 1980}, deal with deposit by a party into the Court.
We, therefore, direct that the detenu – Abdul Nasar Adam Ismail be released from detention forthwith if he is not already released from detention and he is not required in any other case.
Within 5 km of applicant’s residence. If employment is provided beyond 5 km radius of the applicant’s residence then he / she is entitled to 10% additional wages towards transport and living expenses.
It can be seen from the said section that in a case where proposed detenu is absconding or concealing himself, the Government may report the matter to the Magistrate having jurisdiction over the place where the proposed detenu ordinarily resides.
Wide Area Network is an advanced telecommunication infrastructure, which is used now - a - days extensively, for exchange of data and other types of information between two or more locations, separated by significant geographical distances.
Equally, to be uplinked to a satellite and thereafter downlinked from such satellite to an MSO, permission would be required from the Central Government.
Equally, to be uplinked to a satellite and thereafter downlinked from such satellite to an MSO, permission would be required from the Central Government.
A serious dispute has been raised before us, in respect of the financial viability of ‘the 1999 Scheme’.
The mere suspicion based on Ext.
The order be communicated to the Principal Secretary, Home Department, Government of Maharashtra and also to the Commissioners of Police of three cities who will be solely responsible for failure to comply with the orders of this Court.
The period of insurance cover will not normally exceed 15 years in case of projects involving long construction period.
The 12th Plan Approach Paper accordingly focuses on teacher training and evaluation and measures to enforce accountability.
As stated in the Company Petition, on or about 02.07.2014, the Petitioner Company purchased additional 100 shares of and in the Respondent Company from one Shri Sankar Naik in physical mode and the Petitioner Company vide letter dated 02.04.2014, forwarded the original share certificates along with the transfer deeds duly signed, stamped and executed to the Respondent Company for registering the transfer of the said 100 shares in the name of the Petitioner Company.
We find it difficult to accept that view.
It was argued by learned counsel for the appellants that although no evidence was adduced by the claimants to prove that the market value of the acquired land was higher than what was awarded by the Land Acquisition Collector, the claimants could rely on the documents produced by the respondent-State before the Collector.
In view of the above said “facts and circumstances, though perception of a person differs from one another with regard to the acceptance of evidence on record but in my perception and consideration, the accused has been successful in creating doubt in the mind of the Court with regard to the existence of the debt or liability particularly with reference to the alleged transaction dated 25.12.2005 as alleged by the complainant.
The order of termination passed against the appellant is thus, bad in law.
The said case is of no comparison to the case on hand.
Sophisticated modern medical technology , even if ultimately not being able to conquer death, “has a lot to say about the conditions and time of its occurrence .
PW 17 Sweeper Basanti Lal was also residing in a corner room on the ground floor of the hospital.
R/4 clearly signifies this fact.
The premises were situated in privately owned buildings, and taken on lease by the Government.
The present wisdom, cannot bind future generations.
In the affidavit filed, this has been the consistent stand taken by the Central Government and the CAG in various writ petitions filed by the petitioner.
In the affidavit filed, this has been the consistent stand taken by the Central Government and the CAG in various writ petitions filed by the petitioner.
Therefore, when I got information regarding vacancy for the post of Sub- Staff from Employment Exchange Office, I immediately applied for the post of Sub-Staff.
The aforesaid submission advanced on behalf of the appellant will be discussed at an appropriate stage.
It also opined that no evidence on record indicated that the consumption was beyond the connected load.
We can only say that apart from the curative step the tribunal as well as the DRAT has to rise to the occasion, for delay in adjudication of these type of litigations brings a long term disaster.
Explanation.—For the removal of doubts, it is hereby declared that any person, who has been allotted a permanent account number under any clause other than clause (iv) of sub-section (1), shall not be required to obtain another permanent account number and the permanent account number already allotted to him shall be deemed to be the permanent account number in relation to fringe benefit tax.
The concerned Magistrate is directed to ensure proper investigation into the alleged offence under , .
Include captions with your graphics.
Once the evidence has been adduced the case must always be adjudged on the evidence led by the parties.
Only 30 days interest was being returned in the form of rebate on the amount paid by the appellant within 5 days.
Only 30 days interest was being returned in the form of rebate on the amount paid by the appellant within 5 days.
It is quintessentially a question of fact to be determined by Reference Board which is in the nature of a tribunal.
Settled canons of law prescribe adherence to the rule of law with due regard to the prescribed procedures.
He submits that the recruitments has to be made in accordance with Kerala Education Rules, 1959, Rule 4 Chapter XXXII.
Plaintiff filed Civil Suit No.1044 of 2003 for declaration to the effect that plaintiff is entitled for pension and commuted pensions and other benefits attached with the same alongwith interest @ 18% on the delayed payment.
One of the out of turn promotee namely, Arunvir Vashista had staked his claim before the committee.
There is no denying the fact that, the Competent Authority vide its order dated 20.06.2018 directed the SFIO to conduct an investigation into the affairs of the subject entities, in public interest.
Line Ministries / Departments are responsible for the implementation of the assigned Mission Mode Projects (MMPs) / Components.
The Circular dated 15th October, 1994 clarifies a clerical error.
We found, across the board, a deep-seated desire for close cooperation between India and Norway.
In case, if the appellants are on bail, their bail bonds are cancelled and they must surrender within four weeks from today, failing which the Learned Designated Court under TADA shall take them into custody, and send them to jail to serve out the remaining part of their sentences, as have been awarded by the learned Designated Court under TADA.
Composition of summary general court-martial.
This case is not only related to economic offence, rather apart from depriving rights of deserving and scholar students, it is related to the human life and health.
In fact, the emphasis is on receipt of information from a person accused of any offence.
Use of these three measures is done in two ways.
It was the stockyard incharge who appropriated the required number of vehicles to the contract of sale out of the stocks available with him and put down the vehicle engine and chassis number in the delivery challan.
If one person hears and another decides, then personal hearing becomes an empty formality.
Alternatively, the Judge may hear arguments on charge and find that no prima facie case against the accused is made out, upon which the accused is discharged.
However, the year was not mentioned.
Power of arrest or of investigation is not mechanical.
This position is well settled.
Beaches must be kept free from all kinds of artificial development.
The Courts abroad have held that UK or American courts could, in cases filed against Indian entities in those countries, refuse stay of the cases on the broad generalization that, if the cases were filed in India, they would take at least “twenty-five years  for disposal.
It is upto the State Government to take appropriate decision in this regard.
It is, therefore, a case where appellants acted without jurisdiction and without adhering to the provisions of the Act and the Rules.
No doubt transfer can be from one category to another category or within the class if the rule permits interchangeability of the categories within a class.
The amount of Rs.16,96,000/- as calculated above, under the various heads of losses, should be awarded in favour of appellants-claimants, though there is no specific mention regarding enhancing of compensation as in the appeal it has been basically requested by the appellants to set aside the judgment and order passed by the High Court in the appeal filed by the respondent.
Despite the vagueness of the term, public interest is claimed generally by governments in matters of state secrecy and confidentiality.
Despite the vagueness of the term, public interest is claimed generally by governments in matters of state secrecy and confidentiality.
The Division Bench of the High Court erred in not considering the decision rendered in the case of Pushpa (supra).
Needless to say, when she stays in the hostel, she will be treated like any other student and will be guided by the hostel rules.
Leela was the patient of the appellant or not.
In the year 1953, the , 1963 was enacted to provide for Legislative Assemblies and Council of Ministers for various Union Territories but the provisions of the said Act were not made applicable to Delhi.
Prejudice', is incapable of being interpreted in its generic sense and applied to criminal jurisprudence.
PW-5 Dr. Harbir Sharma, PW-6 Jagdish Kumar, PW-7 Mohar Pal and found that their testimonies have remained unshaken except some minor discrepancies which have to be ignored.
The police party, after checking both the trucks for a considerable period of time had negotiations with the smugglers.
Most of the orders were matched in a time gap of 1, 2 or 3 seconds and many orders have matched to the exact second, i.e. time difference is 0 (zero).
While we celebrate the success of several new ventures in e-commerce, information technology and mobile telephony, these will not suffice to deliver our aggregate growth expectations.
There is question of availability of vacancies and posting.
However, this Court found that the High Court without any plea from any party went into the allegations made in the Election Petition and rejected the same holding that the Election Petition did not state material facts and, therefore, did not disclose a cause of action.
In case of excess quantity the disposal under the Standing Order No. 1/89 had to be done in the presence of the head of the Department whereas according to notification of 2015 in the event of excess quantity or value the disposal has to be by a high level Drug Disposal Committee to be constituted by the head of the Department.
It would be open to the parties to mention before the Vacation Bench for urgent hearing of the matter.
Now coming to the provisions of law, Sec.138 of N.I.Act has been enacted to provide stability and credibility to the financial transactions.
A decision was taken to constitute a Committee of Experts (COE) to facilitate and prepare a report to formulate a road-map for use of videography in crime investigation and to propose a Standard Operating Procedure (SOP).
That information not having been furnished by the State at the relevant time, the information now furnished by the State becomes all the more relevant.
It is suggested *’ Even though this transparency requirement has been included in the 2015 Model, apparently in consonance with the UNCITRAL Rules on Transparency in Treaty-based Investor-State Arbitration (‘the Mauritius Convention’), it is relevant to note that India is not as yet a signatory to this treaty.
A fraudulent or dishonest inducement is an essential ingredient of the offence.
Reference to the above provisions thus discloses that the Act is very stringent in its operation when it comes to the question of dealing with an 'organized crime' committed by an 'organized crime syndicate' in respect of a 'continuing unlawful activity'.
By a prohibitory order dated 10th May 1996, the Income Tax Department prohibited and restrained the Stock Exchange from making any payment relating to Shri Shah to any person whomsoever otherwise than to the Income Tax Department.
Iqbal Khanday v. Abdul Majid Rather, AIR 1994 SC 2252, the Court held that where the appellant has genuine difficulties with regard to implementation of the order, the insistence of the courts on implementation may not meet with realities of the situation and the practicability of implementation of the court's direction.
However, it is only in very rare cases that the court might, to shorten the litigation, think of substituting its own view as to the quantum of punishment in place of punishment awarded by the Competent Authority.
With the enactment of the Offences against the Person Act 1861 buggery was no longer a capital offence in England and Wales.
As already noted above, any person intending to start an eating house and restaurant is required to have certain licenses under the Bombay Police Act which is known as public entertainment licence.
Moreover, this reason can have little validity in a democratic society which believes in an open government.
The aforestated payment was to be made in two installments.
He also stated generally about the other features of the marriage including the supervision of the pandal works by Mr. K.P. Muthuswamy, a retired Engineer.
In many cases the nature of expenses incurred by the assessee may be relatable partly to the exempt income and partly to the taxable income.
Mother Teresa was a Catholic nun who lived and worked in Calcutta, India.
In such situations, counselling is one of the best ways to deal with them.
The ring outside the vagina adds to the protective effects of the female condom by creating a barrier between the labia and the base of the penis.
This was followed by various correspondences exchanged between the parties alleging and denying the liability till 31st March, 2001 on which date the respondent filed Summary Suit No. 1586 of 2001 before the High Court.
Allowing the candidates not belonging to Scheduled tribes to have the benefits or advantage of reservation either in admissions or appointments leads to making mockery of the very reservation against the mandate and the scheme of the Constitution.
They shall surrender forthwith before the trial court to undergo the sentence awarded by the High Court.
Thus, the circular in so far as it relates to clause-3(a) is concerned, as extracted above is just and proper.
Accordingly, a Special Investigation Team (SIT, for short) was appointed by the State.
If such an opportunity is not provided by the trial court, the appellate court needs to balance various considerations and either afford an opportunity before itself or remand back to trial court, in appropriate case, for fresh consideration.
It provides drastic simplification of procedures and a single window clearance policy on matters relating to central and state governments.
Both the Bills, according to me are evil.
India has a long and distinguished tradition in science and technology, from the ancient times to great achievements during this century.
Prema Devi had also complained to her family members twice, regarding taunts and demand for dowry by the four accused persons.
The first type consists of direct victims, i.e., those who are alive and suffering on account of the harm inflicted by the prisoner while committing the crime.
The Tribunal has observed that once it is accepted that the property is useable only as Cinema building then its method of valuation has to be necessarily different from the one normally adopted in the case of buildings which are capable of being used for other commercial purposes.
The caller stated that his office had received some information regarding the film, which he was forwarding shortly.
The cost of establishment of the contractor which is relatable to supply of labour and services cannot be included in the value of the goods involved in the execution of a contract and the cost of establishment which is relatable to supply of material involved in the execution of the works contract only can be included in the value of the goods.
The major being, the Bamboo Policy of Mizoram, which has been formulated to fully tap the ecological and economic potentials of the bamboo resource in the State.
The most crucial point which the prosecution was bound to establish, whether Seema was subjected to cruelty and harassment on account of paucity of dowry or there was a fresh demand of dowry, there is no such evidence on the file that she was subjected to cruelty and harassment.
Answering the question in the negative, it was held that in absence of provision for consequential seniority, ‘catch up’ rule will be applicable and the roster point promotees cannot claim such consequential seniority.
If all the shares were held in trust that would not make the company a trustee.
I saw that Satish was sitting in his car and two boys were standing near the driver seat and other was standing to the other side of the car.
Obviously it is an error occasioned by inadvertence.
This Tariff Schedule which is the final outcome of the tariff process is binding on the State as well.
From the point of view of the landlords this may be seen as a damage control desperate bid to avoid eviction by winning the sympathy of the Court but from the point of view of the tenant it only shows that the tenant does not grudge the landlord getting what is legitimately due to him.
From the point of view of the landlords this may be seen as a damage control desperate bid to avoid eviction by winning the sympathy of the Court but from the point of view of the tenant it only shows that the tenant does not grudge the landlord getting what is legitimately due to him.
In my observations so far, I have briefly touched upon some of the issues that you will deliberate upon.
Apart from all this the Presidential Estate also has tennis courts, polo ground, golf course and a cricket field.
In order to achieve this balance, India could consider having an MFN provision whose scope is restricted to the application of domestic measures.
As it is only on receipt of the notice that the accused at his own peril may refuse to pay the amount.
These would thus be statutory authorities exercising statutory functions.
The six months period will be counted from the date of commencement of the proposed Criminal Procedure (Amendment) Act.
Fixing of Polling Hours for General Elections – 2014 to Lok Sabha, State legislative Assemblies of Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Odisha and Sikkim and Bye-elections to various State Legislative Assemblies.
His removal may curtail the term of the office bearer and also cast stigma upon him.
The Court held that the application of Mr. Bhamjee for action against the lawyers for allegedly misleading the Court was ‘totally devoid of merit’.
The State has a positive obligation to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of all individuals irrespective of race, caste, class or religion.
For a better understanding of this issue, it would be worthwhile to again refer to the Goa Mineral Policy, the report of the EAC, the Grant of Mining Leases Policy and the decision of the Bombay High Court, which documents were relied upon by the learned Additional Solicitor General.
Civil Judge (Jr.
Secondly, the procedural requirements for the exercise of the power vary depending upon the nature of the source of the power, but the existence of power itself cannot be doubted.
It will encourage and incentivise private sector investments, both domestic and foreign, in science and technology and in high - end research aimed at nurturing innovation.
After the first party has complied with the order passed under sub rule (1), the other party (hereinafter referred to as the second party) shall be asked to file its written statement and a list of relevant documents which are in their possession and upon which they want to rely on a date fixed by the Industrial Tribunal/Labour Court, which shall ordinarily be within two weeks from the date of the order.
In the light of the discussion in the foregoing paragraphs, we are of the opinion that the case of the appellant is a fit case for invoking the proviso to IPC for awarding lesser sentence, as the incident is 20 years old and the fact that the parties are married and have entered into a compromise, are the adequate and special reasons.
The donations were invited by Sabrang Trust to be deposited in its account displayed on the website.
I am confident that democratic traditions in Bangladesh will grow stronger with time and that you will preserve democracy with your constant vigil.
Therefore, it is quite clear from the orders passed by this Court that construction was not permitted until further orders but that plans could be prepared and examined.
He will also inaugurate the innovation club and attend annual convocation of North-Eastern Hill University on October 22, 2013 at Shillong.
The limitation period prescribed in the , 1963 would not apply to the proceeding before the Commission, delay and laches would apply.
The retrospective levy of a tax would be one further instance of such inability to pass on, which does not alter the real nature or true character of the duty.
The utilization certificates for funds so released by Government are regularly forwarded to Government.
It is also manifest from the facts that the model of the setting up of power station through the agency of Renusagar was adopted by Hindalco to avoid complications in case of take over of the power station by the State or the Electricity Board.
The question, which arose for consideration in the cited case was, with reference to the maintainability of an appeal preferred by the appellant, under Section 22(1) of the Central Provinces of Berar Sales Tax Act, 1947, to the Sales Tax Commissioner, Madhya Pradesh, against an assessment order passed by the Assistant Commissioner.
However, he had been acquitted of the first charge of conspiracy.
This caveat is missing in the case of Vidhayak Nidhi.
Consequently, then Home Minister Shri Lal Bahadur Shastri set up a Committee to look into the matter under the Chairmanship of Shri K. Santhanam, Member of Parliament.
Mere failure to hold a test identification parade would not make inadmissible the evidence of identification in court.
Thus, statement of Ratan Guruji of assault on Devi Prasad when read with the evidence of PW.13 and PW.16 clearly indicates that it was Devraj who had assaulted Devi Prasad which caused death of the deceased.
On that basis, the appellant filled the form for appearing in main examination.
The US Court has the most intimate contact and closest concern to decide on the issue of minor children which has been extensively examined by the High Court and finding has been recorded under the impugned judgment upholding children best interest.
P-68/5, was identified to be that of the prosecutrix.
For, if accepted, it will inevitably entail in not only reversing the concurrent findings recorded by the Courts below on the issue of ownership but would also necessitate reversal of the decree passed by the Courts below rejecting the relief of permanent injunction.
The prosecution has not examined this Yogesh Patange.
When these four conditions are fulfilled, provides a constitutional route to levy non-discriminatory tax.
Various charges such as, General, Departmental & Contingencies Charges etc., are reduced substantially.
Also, the moratorium imposed under Section 4 of the Maharashtra Act would directly clash with the moratorium to be issued under Sections 13 and 14 of the Code.
Both the complainant and the appellant moved towards a water trolley, had water and again continued their conversation.
Thus, the argument that the area of 170 hectares and 164 hectares of reclaimed land, which the altered limits of the port has been said to impinge upon, has no legs to stand, in view of the fact that no prior permission has been taken under Section 35 of the Gujarat Maritime Board Act to add reclaimed land to the main land, as has been stated hereinabove.
In India, a lease may be in perpetuity.
There are innumerable activities banned by law, e.g. using a bomb to kill people, murder, rape, prostitution, pornography etc.
Food processing including agro - based industries, processing, preservation and packaging of fruits and vegetables.
The High Court further noticed that after complying with all the formalities required, the issues were finally adjudicated.
The High Court further noticed that after complying with all the formalities required, the issues were finally adjudicated.
In Daya Shankar (supra) it was held that in case verification form is vague no fault can be found on the ground of suppression.
However, he clarified that the public prosecutor has produced and marked an order dated 22.04.1993 passed by the Joint Commissioner of Police regarding the overall supervision of investigation of the Bombay Bomb Blast case being given to the DCB (CID).
In 2016, with the passing of the Aadhaar Act, these very petitioners filed another writ petition challenging the vires of the Act.
An entrepreneur willing to expand his / her business abroad must abide by the tax laws of the home country as well as of the particular foreign country and accordingly pay the required taxes.
In cases where, constructions have been erected and the entire project is complete or is nearing completion, upon acceptance of the claim, the plots or apartments shall be made over to the respective claimants on the same terms and conditions.
In cases where, constructions have been erected and the entire project is complete or is nearing completion, upon acceptance of the claim, the plots or apartments shall be made over to the respective claimants on the same terms and conditions.
It is also surprising that the High Court has been entertaining series of writ petitions at the instance of the respondent, which is nothing but abuse of the process of extraordinary jurisdiction of the High Court.
It is punishment alone which maintains both this world and the next.
However, many observations made therein are not contrary to the law laid down in the above mentioned Full Bench case.
In the circumstances, it would be extremely difficult to rely on the confessions of A5 Afaque Khan and A8 Saleem Ansari.
In fact, there was no such discrepancy as deposit of sealed nip of hand-wash of the appellant-accused has been mentioned in the register.
Sometimes it is used to give a comprehensive description that includes what is obvious, what is uncertain and what is, in the ordinary sense, impossible.
Undoubtedly, constitutional positions are not controlled by statutory provisions, because the Constitution rises above and controls legislative mandates.
The appellant is a Public Sector Undertaking engaged in coal mining.
In our opinion, the scope of interference of the Court is very limited.
The testator’s son, who was a legatee under the will, was also appointed as an executor.
Question for consideration is whether the responsibility of the State ends merely by registering a case, conducting investigation and initiating prosecution and whether apart from taking these steps, the State has further responsibility to the victim.
Injury No.1 to 3 are with sharp edged weapons and injury No.4 is simple.
After completion of investigation, chargesheet was filed in the court of Judicial Magistrate, who committed the case to the Sessions Court.
On a scrutiny of the evidence, we find that the appellant was working as a servant in the house of husband of PW-2, Santosh, who was the first to notice that her son Anand, a 3 year old boy, was missing.
The duty of Judges in construing Statutes is to adhere to the literal construction unless the context renders it plain that such a construction cannot be put on the words.
Such a workman cannot be retrenched until he/she is given one month's notice in writing indicating the reasons for retrenchment and the period of notice has expired, or the workman has been paid in lieu of such notice, wages for the period of the notice apart from compensation which shall be equivalent to fifteen days' average pay for every completed year of continuous service or any part thereof in excess of six months.
The National Safety Council of India (NSCI) was set up to promote safety consciousness among workers to prevent accidents, minimize dangers and mitigate human suffering, arrange programmes, lectures and conferences on safety, conduct educational campaigns to arouse consciousness among employers and workers and collect educational and information data, etc.
These High Courts are Madras, Delhi, Bombay, Kerala, Punjab, Gujarat and Calcutta.
They have to instill a belief system that is rooted in our universal wisdom and philosophy.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee inaugurated a two day Conference of Directors of National Institutes of Technology (NITs) at Rashtrapati Bhavan today (October 29, 2014).
Regarding the questionnaire, the participants were asked to give their comments on issues like alternative modes of execution of death sentence, right of appeal to the Supreme Court, number of Judges comprising the Bench which should hear such matters etc.
It observed that the Appellant did not give details of the events of abuse by the Respondent towards his family or the cruelty that was meted out to him in the U.S. in his main petition or his subsequent counter affidavits.
It has also been contended that mere recovery of bribed money from the possession of the accused is not sufficient to establish the offence and it is the duty of the prosecution to prove the demand and acceptance of money as illegal gratification but the same has not been proven at all.
It has also been contended that mere recovery of bribed money from the possession of the accused is not sufficient to establish the offence and it is the duty of the prosecution to prove the demand and acceptance of money as illegal gratification but the same has not been proven at all.
In the facts of this case we feel the same.
It will be unfair and inequitable to prosecute a medical professional only on the basis of the allegations in the complaint.
It will be unfair and inequitable to prosecute a medical professional only on the basis of the allegations in the complaint.
When he was standing in front of the shop of Narayandas Jewellers on the fateful day, a scooterist (A-9), lost his balance while parking his scooter in front of the shop and fell down.
All these offences today go for trial before the ordinary criminal courts.
Although in theory any packet based network core can be used for Voice or data still there are requirements to ensure smooth and contiguous reception of packets which puts a extra burden on allocation of resources.
The rights of those individuals will be decided in accordance with the judgment in the case of Vikram Singh Chauhan (supra); in other words depending upon the results in the final examination and the working out of 3% horizontal reservation (category-wise), if any post is vacant, three times of that number would be called for interview.
India views Regional Trading Arrangements (RTA 's) as' building blocks' towards the overall objective of trade liberalisation.
The learned Public Prosecutor for the State, to allay the apprehension of the petitioner, at the outset, has submitted that not only fair investigation shall be conducted by a gazetted police officer, not below the rank of Additional Superintendent of Police but the report of the investigation along with the opinion of the Investigating Officer shall be submitted in the concerned Court within a period of two months from the date of receipt of certified copy of this order by the Investigating Officer.
Calf housing should be bedded to keep the calves comfortable and dry.
I wish you good health as well as many more years in the company of family and friends .
I wish you good health as well as many more years in the company of family and friends .
Ministry, also, has been monitoring performance of commitments made in the MOUs and modernisation and expansion programme of PSUs including finalisation of new policy initiatives.
Shyam Rang and DW-2 Chandermukhi have attempted to say that Devendra Nath Srivastava (appellant) had gone to village on the day of the incident to give medicines to his mother, but there is nothing to corroborate on the record if any medicine is purchased from any chemist by the appellant.
He ruled India for nearly a decade but was ousted by Sher Shah Suri, the Afghan ruler.
The audio - visual gallery contains streaming media files on the activities, achievements, and developments at C - DAC, as covered by the media.
Nothing could be more wrong. Giving agriculture the importance in proportion to its contribution to GDP may be as fallacious as attaching to the heart the importance in proportion to its weight in the human body.
The proper law of the contract, i.e. the law governing the contract which creates the substantive rights of the parties, in respect of which the dispute has arisen.
Being aggrieved by the order rejecting the aforestated O.A., the respondent-employee had approached the High Court by filing the aforestated petition which has been allowed by an order dated 20th March, 2008 and being aggrieved by the said order and judgment, this appeal has been filed by the employer.
Such an exercise is meant for public good and in public interest.
Pay and Accounts Office (Supply): - The payment and accounting functions of Supply Division, including those of DGS & D, are performed by the Chief Controller of Accounts (CCA) under the Departmentalized Accounting System.
This was held to be impermissible and it may be so.
For example, in 1884 Lord Ripon stayed here when he came to formally invest the young Nizam Mahboob Ali Khan with administrative powers.
We are therefore inclined to extend benefit of doubt to him.
By this letter the appellant-State sought permission not only for de-reservation of the areas, which were earlier reserved for public sector but also to impose certain conditions upon the mining of bauxite with a view to protect the interest of the State and at the same time extending help to industries which require bauxite as a raw material for bonafide captive use.
In 2015, India achieved the fastest average turnaround time in ports and the highest ever quantity of cargo handled by major ports.
This is the essence of dignity and we say, without any inhibition, that it is our constitutional duty to allow the individual to behave and conduct himself/herself as he/she desires and allow him/her to express himself/herself, of course, with the consent of the other.
In respect of sanitary contracts, 20 per cent was deducted for labour and balance was taken as a turnover of the assessee for the purposes of levying sales tax by the assessing authority.
In any event, even assuming that the ornaments belonged to Gangamma, at best, Prakash would be guilty of having received stolen property but could certainly not be guilty of having murdered Gangamma.
In any event, even assuming that the ornaments belonged to Gangamma, at best, Prakash would be guilty of having received stolen property but could certainly not be guilty of having murdered Gangamma.
After several deliberations, the Union of India has communicated through its O.M. dated 12.03.2019 that it is not possible to accede to the request of the Government of Meghalaya for issuance of Presidential notification under Para 12A(b) of Sixth Schedule.
The High Court did not consider the earlier proceedings before DRT, DRAT and before the High Court except merely referring to certain proceedings before DRT and DRAT.
She also allegedly disclosed that according to Fauziya Hassan, D. Sasikumaran was friend of Zuheria.
The lands covered by the scheme are subjected by the Act to the power of the local authority to readjust titles, but no reconstituted plot vests at any stage in the local authority unless it is needed for a purpose of the authority.
The lands covered by the scheme are subjected by the Act to the power of the local authority to readjust titles, but no reconstituted plot vests at any stage in the local authority unless it is needed for a purpose of the authority.
Trade or business normally connotes an activity carried on with a profit motive.
The assessee filed its reply thereto contending that it was not a toothpaste and, therefore, rightly classified by it under sub-heading 3306.90.
Given the fact that we are setting aside the NGT judgments involved in these appeals on the ground of maintainability, we state that it will be open for the respondents to file a writ petition in the High Court against all the aforesaid orders.
Given the fact that we are setting aside the NGT judgments involved in these appeals on the ground of maintainability, we state that it will be open for the respondents to file a writ petition in the High Court against all the aforesaid orders.
For example, any action of a party, omission or commission of a person which amounts to an offence has to be examined by a criminal court and no amount of agreement between the parties shall be relevant for the said case.
The dispute has taken place due to egoism of both husband and wife being belonged to a well to do and prosperous family because the complainant was borne in a well to do and prosperous family and got higher education of Allahabad University and she is not less than, in any way, her husband.
Activities were spread to all spheres of human endeavour, and thus in 2002, National Policy on Cooperatives was announced.
It had demanded 30 TMC as drinking water requirement for the city with the projection of 2025.
Some of the petitions were by the associations of residents as well (hereinafter referred to as the “assessees/respondents ).
General prosecutor of Ukraine or the parties to a law suit may dispute a resolution taken by the Supreme Commercial Court with the Supreme Court, which is the highest judicial body of the courts of general jurisdiction.
IF PSC also does not contain any stipulation providing for such allowances, the Assessing Officer would be unable to give the benefit of these deductions to the assesee.
Therefore, a piecemeal approach to delay reduction should be eschewed in favour of a systemic perspective.
Under every High Court has power of superintendence over all courts and tribunals throughout the territory in relation to which it exercises jurisdiction.
EC in this regard has observed that Kerala has not supplied to it inundation maps even for normal flood with return periods such as 50, 100 years in downstream area for phase-I and between Idukki and lower Periyar dam or further downstream for later phases.
Dr. Narayan Udgata (PW-9),however, could not notice any sign of recent sexual intercourse on the private part of the accused.
He also denied the suggestion that there was neither any demand for illegal gratification by the accused nor was any sum as alleged accepted by or recovered from him.
The provision impugned therein imposed a restriction on transactions by way of sale, mortgage, gift or lease of vacant land or buildings for a period exceeding ten years, or otherwise for a period of ten years from the date of the commencement of the Act even though such vacant land, with or without a building thereon, fell within the ceiling limits.
The provision impugned therein imposed a restriction on transactions by way of sale, mortgage, gift or lease of vacant land or buildings for a period exceeding ten years, or otherwise for a period of ten years from the date of the commencement of the Act even though such vacant land, with or without a building thereon, fell within the ceiling limits.
The Coir Board, in the five-plus decades of its existence, has certainly done a lot to address these issues.
Speaking on the occasion, the President welcomed the Bangladesh Foreign Minister who was visiting India for the first time after assuming office and said the Joint Consultative Commission was a good mechanism.
Any lapse, it was proclaimed, would result in error of jurisdiction.
It appears from the above that the extraction of iron ore in Goa is geared only towards export and not for domestic purposes because of the low Fe content and high silica presence.
Therefore, the test to be applied to determine whether rebate is within the realm of tax defined in articl 304(a) of the Constitution of India so as to say that it discriminates between the two class of goods: locally manufactured goods and the imported goods when both the class of dealers meet the conditions required to qualify for the grant of rebate i.e. the use of fly-ash, is the overall effect or impact of such rebate on the manufacturer.
Based on the above affidavit, it was contended, that social reforms with reference to ‘personal law’ must emerge from the concerned community itself.
On 13.02.1993, he along with the appellant attended the meeting in the same building in which Javed Chikna and Tiger Memon talked about the communal riots of Bombay and Gujarat.
A litigant whose appeal has been dismissed by wrongly refusing to condone delay has to wait for 14 years before his wrong is righted by this Court.
A litigant whose appeal has been dismissed by wrongly refusing to condone delay has to wait for 14 years before his wrong is righted by this Court.
Presently, the power in the State is generated by the West Bengal Power Development Corporation limited, West Bengal State Electricity Board, Calcutta Electricity supply Corporation, Durgapur Project Limited, Disergarh Power Supply Corporation, etc.
We are also of the view that pending the writ appeals, the High Court ought not to have passed such an interim order of consequence especially in the light of the legal principles settled by this Court.
The modified plan now sanctioned is purely for residential purpose.
The appellants did not, however, give-up.
We have considered the rival contentions and perused the impugned judgment, evidence and material on record.
We have considered the rival contentions and perused the impugned judgment, evidence and material on record.
Kalra Properties, though acquired no title to the land, at best would be entitled to step into the shoes of the owner and claim compensation.
Taking note of the various provisions of the Act, it is apparent that the Act of 1993 is not retrospective in operation.
If the developer has a right under the contract he must be having a remedy in the form of approaching a forum for appropriate redressal.
The presence of a contractor clothed with a legal personality or not as in the case of the defence establishments referred to above in the Suraksha Karamchari Union’s case (supra) also has hardly ever been considered to be a determinative test pertaining to canteen workers on contract.
Similarly Emperors Akbar, Jehangir, and Ahmad Shah, it is said, prohibited cow slaughter.
The policy focused on the sectors where the State has inherent advantages, like tourism, hydro - power, floriculture, agro and food processing, handloom, khadi and village industries, etc.
The right against illegal detention.
It plays an active role in investment promotion through dissemination of information on investment climate and opportunities in India as well as by advising prospective investors about various policies and procedures.
On the next day (November 7, 2012) the President will visit Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama at Narayanpur where he will lay the foundation stones of two 500 - seat Hostels of the Tribal Welfare Department and an Industrial Training Institute Building of Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama.
As the premises were requisitioned by the Government, the stand taken by the vendor was that it was contingent contract and on requisition of the premises, the contract failed.
He shall be set at liberty forthwith if not required to be detained in connection with any other offence.
I would like to extend to you my congratulations and best wishes for further success.
During trial, the petitioner was given full opportunity to examine his witnesses as plaintiff.
Secularism as a concept and as a political instrumentality has been debated extensively.
On 26.04.1994 an order was passed clubbing all five cases as they were found to be outcome of a single conspiracy.
Further, in a suit for partition where preliminary decree is passed, at the time of passing of the final decree it was not open to the respondent to raise the contention that he was a tenant of the suit premises.
Relying upon Godse’s and Maru Ram’s cases (supra), this Court held that imprisonment for life is a sentence for remainder of the life of the offender.
What perhaps is still more to be regretted is the general, impression, that now and again executive influence exerted from the highest quarters has been responsible for some appointments to the Bench.
The question before this court was as to whether the training period spent on Apprentice Artificers was liable to be taken into account for pension purposes.
The display is called a sound spectrogram.
It is thus apparent that this is an order falling within the ambit of to do complete justice between the parties.
The recent past has witnessed a revival of the industry in the rich forest regions along the sub - Himalayan mountain ranges and the Western Ghats, where it has been practiced in its simplest form.
In such matters the decisions of the District Judge shall be of course subject to supervisory writ jurisdiction of the High Court.
The Company before disposing copper slag, gypsum (or) any other waste product will seek previous permission from the TNPCB.
When the premises was being used for commercial purpose since before the date when building plan for constructing commercial-cum-residential complex was made, there was no occasion for payment of any conversion charges.
In that light direction was sought to the DSSSB, both to consider the case of the writ petitioners against the remaining vacancies without fixing minimum qualifying marks for selection and to publish the results of all the vacancies and to fill up the same.
La Forest J starts stating that the distinction between substantive and procedural laws no doubt remains in private international law.
So also, there is no consistency in his evidence and the report as to who had taken victim in hospital.
5.4 Making the above submissions and relying upon the aforesaid decisions, it is prayed to dismiss the present appeal.
It directed that the Respondents’ names be removed from the active common gradation list and that the OPSC candidates including the Appellants be considered instead, if they had come within the zone of consideration for promotion.
We do hope that the process of selection would be completed expeditiously without further hurdles.
This Court, in the above circumstances, did not allow the recovery of the excess payment.
The concept of 'Sangat' has a special importance in the Sikh philosophy.
Therefore, the said SLPs arising therefrom are dismissed.
These three Articles indicate that a distinction has been made between the status of Union territories at least in terms of the exercise of legislative powers in relation to executive functions.
Police, after usual investigation, submitted charge-sheet and the accused was ultimately committed to the Court of Sessions to face the trial.
Police, after usual investigation, submitted charge-sheet and the accused was ultimately committed to the Court of Sessions to face the trial.
Thus, you gave wrong information to bank.
In fact, the entire structure of civil liberties presupposes that freedom is worth fostering.
Therefore, the provision to must be given an interpretation which is marked with a sense of fine constitutional balance.
It will usually be found of advantage to draw in advance a sum sufficient to cover the probable amount of the award and to make payments against this especially when the award is announced at a place distant from the headquarters.
I have, therefore, great pleasure now in forwarding the report.
The foundation therefore of the judgment of the learned Judges of the High Court that the impugned rules created two classes out of what was formerly a single class and introduced elements of discrimination between the two, has no factual basis if, as we hold the order of September 27, 1957 did not effectuate a complete integration of the two Services.
The foundation therefore of the judgment of the learned Judges of the High Court that the impugned rules created two classes out of what was formerly a single class and introduced elements of discrimination between the two, has no factual basis if, as we hold the order of September 27, 1957 did not effectuate a complete integration of the two Services.
Amrapali group companies have transferred some of their buyers to the company.
The majority judgment in that case looked at as the source of power to levy a tax or duty.
Unless the Chairman otherwise directs, no question shall be placed on the list of questions for answers until five days have expired from the day when notice of such question has been given by the Secretary-General to the Minister to whom it is addressed.
Ms. Hemantika Wahi, learned counsel appearing for the appellant has raised a singular contention that the Sarpanch could not have entered into a compromise without the authority, that is, a resolution passed by the Gram Panchayat.
The said responsibility cannot be abdicated or abandoned or ostracized, even remotely, solely because there might not have been proper assistance by the counsel appearing for the parties.
The said responsibility cannot be abdicated or abandoned or ostracized, even remotely, solely because there might not have been proper assistance by the counsel appearing for the parties.
In such a fact-situation, not mentioning that Gulam Sarbar had been arrested in the FIR is of no significance.
In such a fact-situation, not mentioning that Gulam Sarbar had been arrested in the FIR is of no significance.
Though, no relief is claimed against the first respondent i.e. the Lufthansa German Airlines, the appellant’s union has filed an application for impleadment of the first respondent in ongoing proceedings relating to industrial dispute.
Anita died on account of burns in the appellant’s house.
Both the accused persons are acquitted from the charges relating to the offence aforesaid.
It is heartening to see IEA fulfill that objective in a fruitful manner.
Finally, Article 30 in essence lays down the framework for prosecution, punishment and reintegration of convicted persons back into society.
In the same way the courts below have also concurrently held even if any permission is to be obtained prior to the performance/completion of the contract, the mere fact that the defendants have not obtained the said permission would not lead to inference that no cause of action for filing the suit for specific performance would arise.
Any limitation on the exercise of the rights and freedoms recognised by this Charter must be provided for by law and respect the essence of those rights and freedoms.
Justice Santosh Hegde, former Judge, Supreme Court of India is of the view that this move is neither politically wise nor constitutionally correct, and hence he strongly opposed this move.
No visible injury was noticed on the dead body.
The plaintiff had made wrongful gains about this time somewhere in 1963.
Likewise, if the management and control of two organizations, is with different entities, which are independent of one another, the principle of ‘equal pay for equal work’ would not apply (see – the S.C. Chandra case12, and the National Aluminum Company Limited case18).
Operations:- This deficiency is subjective.
The Respondents, who were khadims29 of the Durgah, contended that the Act barred them from managing the Durgah and receiving offerings from pilgrims, and hence infringed upon their rights under as Muslims belonging to the Soofi Chishtia Order.
The issue, in such an event, surely will be one of general/public importance.
This exercise would require the application of the parameters of the principle of ‘equal pay for equal work’ summarized by us in paragraph 42 above.
This would include the sale transactions in the present case.
These provisions must immediately be compared with the preceding Chapter XXVIII containing a fasciculus dealing with a Death Sentence which becomes efficacious only on its being confirmed by the High Court.
Criminal Appeal No.604 of 2004 filed by him was heard and dismissed by a Division Bench of the High Court of Judicature for Rajasthan at Jodhpur.
Criminal Appeal No.604 of 2004 filed by him was heard and dismissed by a Division Bench of the High Court of Judicature for Rajasthan at Jodhpur.
In our view, proviso seems more clarificatory in nature.
PW-106 is also an eye witness to the practice session which took place at the hillocks of Sandheri Village.
The agency must articulate a satisfactory explanation for its action, including a rational connection between the facts it found and the choices it made.
The visit of the Prime Minister of Finland, H.E. Mr. Juha Sipila for the ‘Make in India’ Week in Mumbai in February this year has contributed to the strengthening of our economic cooperation.
THIS agreement is without prejudice to the other questions outstanding between the parties in regard to the clauses of the agreement other than clauses 7 and 8 of the Rules of Regulation.
We make it clear at the outset itself that we are not treading a virgin path.
The sale and confirmation of the properties of Deve Sugars Ltd. in favour of Anita International were accordingly set aside.
In other words, reasonableness or credibility of the said information is not a condition precedent for the registration of a case.
Bank of Madura was the routing bank through which the securities were purchased and sold to Indian Bank for which Bank of Madura charged service charges.
In this case, this object can be achieved only when all the three parties named above are made party in one arbitral proceedings to enable the arbitral tribunal to finally decide the dispute on merits in accordance with law.
In this case, this object can be achieved only when all the three parties named above are made party in one arbitral proceedings to enable the arbitral tribunal to finally decide the dispute on merits in accordance with law.
Societies which were hitherto defunct or had lost interest in allotment for one reason or another were sought to be revived by the office of the Registrar of Cooperative Societies and thereafter land was demanded from DDA on the basis of such recommendation.
Proposal for insurance (1) Except in cases of a marine insurance cover, where current market practices do not insist on a written proposal form, in all cases, a proposal for grant of a cover, either for life business or for general business, must be evidenced by a written document.
It is clear that the Delhi High Court felt that if the offences were such that they attracted a maximum punishment of death or life sentence, witness protection may become necessary.
Preparation of appropriation and finance accounts.
She would have to brave the whole world.
It also includes provision of housing benefits to all affected families, including the landless as well as of necessary infrastructure facilities at resettlement areas.
Provided that no order under clause (b) shall be passed against any person who is a woman.
It was submitted that with the expiry of period, the entire mandate came to an end and as such, there could be no arrest and that illegality in that behalf would continue regardless whether there was a subsequent order of extension.
It was submitted that with the expiry of period, the entire mandate came to an end and as such, there could be no arrest and that illegality in that behalf would continue regardless whether there was a subsequent order of extension.
According to the defendant, the same had attained finality.
Reply has been filed on behalf of accused Rambeer Shokeen to the application moved on behalf of the State seeking extension of time for filing the charge sheet.
Harjinder Singh, my son-in-law along with Gurmit Kaur and Davinder Singh were also present.
In addition to donations sent direct to the treasurer, large sums were collected in streets from the passers by, from collecting boxes placed in hotels and boarding houses, and at stations and other public places, and by means of collection in churches.
Faced with such situations, the legislature has to find appropriate methods and solutions to deal with them.
The issuance of process is at a later stage when after considering the material placed before it, the court decides to proceed against the offenders against whom a prima facie case is made out.
The above practice took statutory form in Section 297 of Government of India Act, 1935 which prohibited provincial Government from imposing barriers on trade within country.
His appointment, therefore, is void ab initio.
Admittedly, Car bearing No.DAC 3285 belonged to the deceased.
On August 8,1942 he was arrested along with other leaders and taken to Ahmednagar Fort.
It is this aspect that has to an extent bothered us.
The submission has been advanced with sanguine sincerity and genuine agony.
Every employer in relation to an establishment shall keep and maintain such registers and other documents and in such manner as may be prescribed.
Any bill containing provisions outside the definition would not be certified as a Money Bill.
The appellants were holders of a B.Tech.
Seller unit (s) may provide bank guarantee in favour of NSIC for availing financial assistance under the scheme. Bills drawn by them against their supplies made, duly accepted by the purchaser will be financed.
Finally, the events on which the interstate and intrastate taxes are imposed must be “substantially equivalent ; that is, they must be sufficiently similar in substance to serve as mutually exclusive “proxies  for each other.
On and with effect from 15.01.2016, the Juvenile Justice (Care and , 2015 (hereinafter referred to as “the 2015 Act ) came into force which repealed the Juvenile Justice (Care and , 2000 (hereinafter referred to as “the 2000 Act ).
However, he admitted that he suffered from venereal disease, and suspected that it was transmitted to him through his wife.
Now, the New Zealand Bill of Rights, 1990 referred to in Article 14 to Freedom of expression: “Everyone has the right to freedom of expression, includes the freedom to seek, receive and impact information and opinion of any kind or any form.  Article 8 refers to right to life not to be deprived of life except on such grounds as are established by law and are consistent with the principle of fundamental justice; Article 25(a) which deals with minimum standards of criminal procedure refer in clause (a) to the right to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial court; clause (c) to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law.
A Judicial Member could be chosen out of persons, who had held a civil judicial post for at least 10 years, or out of persons who had been in practice as an Advocate for at least 10 years, as also, from out of Members of the Central Legal Service (not below Grade-I), who had held such post for at least 3 years.
This the Trial Court rightly noticed was apparent from the relevant returns and balance sheets.
On 31.03.2000, the plaintiff filed another civil suit being OS No. 2334 of 2000 in the Court of City Civil Judge Bangalore against the defendants for specific performance of agreement dated 15.02.1989 in relation to the suit house.
It is termed provisional because the enterprise is yet to come into existence.
Even if he may not be actually biased, the contractor will always have a lurking apprehension that his decision will not be free from bias.
Similarly ms flat used as hoops are having provision for fixing with purlin.
Anwar Imam |M.A. |Presently Controller of |Considered best suitable | | | |(Economics), |Examination, VKSU, Ara |for the job.
Our universities must promote scientific temper amongst students.
He also admitted that the IO, however, did not record the statement of anyone.
The objections are set down for regular hearing and end in an order of the Court.
The appellant submitted his explanation denying the allegation and requested for supply of documents towards submitting an effective reply.
Eight co- accused in their confessional statements have named the appellant stating that the landing agents of the smugglers had been in contact with him and that they had been paying to him, amounts as were fixed per landing.
As I see it, the doctor's decision whether or not to take any such step must (subject to his patient's ability to gwe or withhold his consent) be made in the best interests of the patient.
In the facts and circumstances of the present case as the statements of the prosecutrix in the form of three dying declarations are consistent with each other and there are no material contradiction, they can be completely relied upon without corroboration.
Translation of the ECI motto – regarding.
Let us, on this special day, share happiness with one and all, especially, the poor and needy.
It would be a ‘one stop shop’ which should lead to faster, cheaper and the more effective resolution of disputes in the environmental area.
The appellant (son of the deceased) has challenged before us the judgment of acquittal passed by the High Court.
A subsequent action/development cannot validate an action which was not lawful at its inception, for the reason that the illegality strikes at the root of the order.
A subsequent action/development cannot validate an action which was not lawful at its inception, for the reason that the illegality strikes at the root of the order.
It is also pertinent to mention here that Diploma holder vocational masters were also provided an opportunity to re-designate as vocational lecturers as and when they acquire the degree or post-graduate qualification.
Besides laying down the norms for the functioning of different organs a Constitution encompasses within itself the broad indications as to how the nation is to march forward in times to come.
Special procedure is prescribed for service outside (local) jurisdiction or abroad.
Particulars, on the other hand, are details in support of material facts pleaded by the party.
If the assumed propensity of such use is negatived by the accused, the offence gets reduced to one under the general law and is punishable only thereunder.
If the assumed propensity of such use is negatived by the accused, the offence gets reduced to one under the general law and is punishable only thereunder.
The Union of India in its reply did categorically state that the Medical Board was of the opinion that the disabilities of the respondent were neither attributable to nor aggravated by the Army service and were instead constitutional in nature.
Against the judgment dated 09.12.2016, Special Leave Petition was also filed by the appellant in this Court, which Special Leave Petition was withdrawn by the appellant.
But when the ordinance relates to the peace or security of the country, or to similar circumstances, requiring extraordinary action to be taken by the executive under an Ordinance, then I think, we have to see that the period during which the Ordinance remains in force is as short as possible, and that any legislation that may be required should be passed by Parliament after a due consideration of all the circumstances.
This Court has persistently emphasised that there are limitations while interfering with an order against acquittal.
It has also been observed that provision has been made for directors, managers, secretaries and other officers of a company to cover them in cases of their proved involvement.
A Parliamentary Delegation from Belarus led by Dr. Mikhail Myasnikovich, Chairman of the Council of the Republic of National Assembly of Belarus called on President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee today (May 11, 2016) at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
The description of the bus was affirmed by PW-1’s statement.
Nothing in sub-clause (a) of clause (1) shall affect the operation of any existing law, or prevent the State from making any law, insofar as such law imposes reasonable restrictions on the exercise of the right conferred by the said sub-clause in the interests of security of the State, friendly relations with foreign States, public order, decency or morality, or in relation to contempt of court, defamation or incitement to an offence.
Neither did these companies have fixed assets nor did they avail or give loans to evince financial soundness or stability permitting acquisition of the assets and properties as made during the check period.
Puducherry is fast becoming a preferred destination for investors.
A 40 year trip at 1. 1 g will take 148, 000 Earth years and cover about 140, 000 light years.
The Power of Attorney signed by the party and accepted by the advocate should also be enclosed.
Consequently, the judgments of the learned Single Judge which are subject matter in Latent Patent Appeals are set aside and the writ petitions in those cases are allowed and the Letters Patent Appeals stand allowed and the two writ petitions also stand allowed.
Consequently, the judgments of the learned Single Judge which are subject matter in Latent Patent Appeals are set aside and the writ petitions in those cases are allowed and the Letters Patent Appeals stand allowed and the two writ petitions also stand allowed.
But sometimes the best may not compete or a competent candidate may not be available from among the competitors.
Those activities that are inherently connected with the civil status of individuals cannot be granted constitutional immunity merely because they may have some associational features which have a religious nature.
Although the applicant has nothing to do with the decree passed by this Court but the applicant is a secured creditor of the Judgment Debtor and the amount recoverable by the applicant runs in several crores.
It is submitted that, therefore, there are all possibilities of planting of recovery of Anzilum 0.5 mg tables.
The National Commissions are also directed to discharge their duties to protect the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes.
Prof. Venkataraman says that Dr. Stokes in his Anglo-Indian Codes, Vol II page 950 suggested that sec. 11 should be expressly extended to all obligations.
He also participated in the P.G.teaching programme.
The Court : The petitioner has filed the suit challenging the notice dated July 5, 2018 issued by the respondent Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), the owner of premises no.9, Brabourne Road, Kolkata.
Quality of instruction must be improved and teaching made an attractive career option for bright students.
All such economic indicators not only measure / analyse the present performance of an economy but also help in predicting and forecasting its future growth prospects.
On the same proposition, the learned counsel has relied on a number of judgments, but it is not necessary to make a reference to them as the ratio of law laid down in the aforesaid cases have only been reiterated.
All such utilities, through their backward and forward linkages, provide an enabling environment for facilitating the growth of a nation.
As he adopted SRI for the first time in kharif 2007, he had to consult Pragati field staff more frequently.
In terms of assessment proceedings, it means formulation of belief by an assessing officer resulting from what he thinks on a particular question.
Equity justifies bending the rules of procedure, where no specific provision or fairplay is violated, with a view to promote substantial justice-subject, of course, to the absence of other disentitling factors or just circumstances.
In the case of Transocean Offshore Inc., the assessee included 1% of the mobilisation fees.
However, in Vikas Sales Corporation (supra) it was opined that the grant of a licence by the licensing authority to a registered exporter was not a sale.
When the aforesaid stipulations are read and appreciated in the contextual perspective, “the presumed intention  of the parties is clear as crystal that the juridical seat of arbitration would be London.
Accordingly, there was no agreement between the parties to exclude the jurisdiction of the Bombay High Court.
Nor can a person claim any right arising out of his own wrong doing.
Like gender discrimination, discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is directed against an immutable and core characteristic of human personality.
An important principle was laid down in Grepe vs. Loam: (1879) 39 Ch. D. 168 and is still followed even now in the United Kingdom in recent cases.
Jamil Omar Khatlab (PW-1) deposed that on 11.2.1993, respondent (A-75) took him to Tiger Memon (AA) at Al-Husseini Building.
First plot of 0. 3 acre was planted in time and followed with timely weeding.
A doctrinal irrationality which the theory of compensatory taxes fails to meet is a discriminatory compensatory tax.
Two persons were standing in the field.
D-2 was finalized and produced before the Court.
No matter what one 's inclination may be, there are sure to be something or the other for them to see and do while in Uttar Pradesh.
Heard appellant-in-person and Mr. Sanjay R. Hegde, learned senior counsel for the respondents.
M.P. No.8421 of 2003 was issued to the applicant nor the applicant was served with the copy of the said application filed by the State of Haryana.
The Courts below held that only charge sheets filed in competent Courts within Delhi have to be taken into account.
It is no doubt well settled that the acts of the officers de facto performed by them within the scope of their assumed authority in the interest of the public or the third persons and not for their own benefits are generally held valid and binding as if they were the acts of the officers de jure.
Absence of such a claim, till the time when raised, can be understood and explained in several reasonable and acceptable ways.
As referred to hereinabove, the Trial Court scrutinized the oral and documentary evidence of both sides relating to 18 items of new/additional constructions out of 21 cited by the prosecution.
After the award ceremony the President also inaugurated the Innovation Exhibition at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
The assailants then fled away.
Hence, the considerations which govern law making by a competent legislature which has plenary powers to enact a law cannot be equated with a temporary enactment.
As we perceive, this case deserves to fall in the category of rarest of the rare cases.
The manner in which the deceased was allegedly attacked and the number of injuries inflicted on him prima facie indicate pre-meditation.
It is further submitted that the prosecutrix cannot be treated as an accomplice.
The 'Place Value System' and the 'Decimal System' were developed in India in 100 B. C.
The need of the State to have extraordinary powers cannot be doubted.
Subsequently, WPL preferred an application on 17 May 2018 for refund of the entire investment.
Consequently, the NREG Act provides for a guarantee of employment, payment for the work within a week and in any event within a fortnight, and if employment is not provided then a payment of unemployment allowance.
However, Mr. Gopal Subramanium, the senior advocate appearing for the appellant, submitted that the SLPs were filed on August 11, 2009, and the Court issued notice to the respondents on September 11, 2009.
However, Mr. Gopal Subramanium, the senior advocate appearing for the appellant, submitted that the SLPs were filed on August 11, 2009, and the Court issued notice to the respondents on September 11, 2009.
With 35 faculty members and 400 students enrolled in programmes ranging from graduation to PhD levels, it offers mainstream engineering disciplines as well as emerging subjects.
It is submitted that market value of ‘freehold property’ is much higher than the value of ‘leasehold property’ and this was not taken into consideration by the High Court.
The Defamation Act, 1996 (UK) contained a provision in under which an individual litigant in a defamation case could waive Parliamentary privilege.
Aggrieved thereby the respondent No.1 filed appeals before the High Court which have been allowed by the impugned judgment and order.
Street children live in abandoned buildings, cardboard boxes, parks or on the street itself.
Notwithstanding, the same judgment gives power to the State to regulate the exercise of power of the educational institution to ensure that there is no 'profiteering' and Sections 4 and 9 of the Act, 2007 were aimed at achieving that purpose only.
The State may consider to provide opportunity to such teachers for appointment as TGTs.
The rich man…not only feels the assurance that he could not get a conviction, but dreads the disgrace of appearing publicly in one court after another, to prove…his own shame and his wife’s dishonor.
Upon further inspection, shortages in three more sections from the bundles last handled by the respondent, were also discovered.
In the said case, in paragraph 47 the majority has summed up the conclusions in seriatim.
It also prescribes the records/registers to be maintained. Manual of Inspection Guidelines, inter-alia, prescribes the guidelines for the qualitative and quantitative analysis of the performance of an officer as well as his staff.
The decision of a patient to allow nature to take its course over the human body and, in consequence, not to be subjected to medical intervention, does not amount to a deliberate termination of physical existence.
Vruthum due to births and deaths in the family, which results in breaking of Vruthum, are also not allowed to take the pilgrimage that year.
One more submission which was raised in the said appeal was considered by this Court.
The word “confirming  in would also show that this is only one more document that can be relied upon by the operational creditor, apart from other documents, which may well prove the existence of the operational debt.
The ban order is for the illegal coal mining which was rampant in the State of Meghalaya and the ban order cannot be extended to valid and legal mining as per 1957 Act and 1960 Rules.
Such disposal would mean and imply that the protection afforded by various policy documents leading to said GO dated 08.08.2017 was found to be adequate.
Thereafter, PW28 returned at the spot and inspected the same where a site plan (Ex.PW23/DA) was prepared at the instance of PW5 Dharmender.
The legal experts of England and Wales started opining that the 1959 Act had become redundant.
The legal experts of England and Wales started opining that the 1959 Act had become redundant.
Further, without challenging the stated order of the Magistrate, a writ petition was filed limited to the relief of habeas corpus.
The lessor was to provide 5 operational aircrafts with minimum of 425 hours per month subject to the reasons of force majeure and availability of freighter aircrafts.
Quite obviously, the expression ‘revision’ is meant to convey the idea of a much narrower jurisdiction than that conveyed by the expression ‘appeal’.
It was contended that the High Court had rightly analysed the provisions, examined the historical perspective to hold that was not confined only to cases involving acts of terrorism but was attracted even in cases where the crime is committed for securing ransom.
That “money lending and money lenders  is separate and distinct from “relief of agricultural indebtedness  is also clear from the fact that money lending is not restricted to the agricultural sector, but would include, within its scope, money lent to all persons, including purely commercial transactions.
The judgment of the Division Bench refusing to dwell upon the correctness of the judgment of the Single Judge had the effect of leaving the matter at large.
Mr. Rao submitted that the Supreme Court Order dated 2.2.2012 did not bar filing of the application under Order 6 Rule 16 CPC for striking off unnecessary or scandalous pleadings.
Not only it is an aspect of good governance, failing to do so would also amount to discrimination by giving different treatment to the persons though identically situated.
This judgment is having Ninteen pages and each page is bearing my signatures.
By mere passage of time a fraudulent practice would not get any sanctity.
The burden of proof was wrongly placed on the appellant where as per , the burden of proof shall be on the designated Anti- Corruption Official and for serious offences proof beyond reasonable doubt was required.
The following features are note-worthy in the said Act.
They cannot be tested in Court of Law.
Being the wife, she was expected to know this, at least.
The Enquiry Officer believed the evidence of PW3 and concluded that the charges levelled against the respondent were proved beyond any shadow of doubt, except the charge that the respondent stayed out without permission.
Thereafter, the statement was sought to be withdrawn on 1st August 2011.
It was submitted that by way of Convention in international commercial arbitrations, there cannot be any compulsion to engage only a local lawyer.
It was submitted that by way of Convention in international commercial arbitrations, there cannot be any compulsion to engage only a local lawyer.
The economic content of our engagement has increased substantially in recent years. Angola is now India's second largest source for crude oil imports from Africa.
Therefore, unless there existed some inherent and apparent defect, the court could not have substitute its opinion for that of the doctor’s.
Recently, I heard about a criminal case lodged by C.B.I. (in which one Sri Modi and Sri Gandhi figure as accused) where the conduct of Sri Singh is not beyond reproach.
The accused then beat PW11 Dagadu Gopinath Koyale and PW18 Chaturbhuj Khade with sticks and swords.
The submission which has been pressed by the counsel for the appellant is that both the appellant no.1 and appellant no.2 are generating energy jointly for the use of industrial undertaking which are jointly generating the energy.
Recovery of tax in pursuance of agreements with foreign countries.
In this case, there is no delay in the registration of FIR.
With this rather detailed history, the preliminary objections raised by the learned Attorney-General need consideration.
The abolition of post may have the consequence of termination of service of a government servant.
Phase-I, Udyog Vihar, Gurgaon, Haryana.
In addition to any documentary evidence relative to the member's condition to entering the service and during service, the member must carefully and closely questioned on the circumstances which led to the advent of his disease, the duration, the family history, his pre-service history, etc. so that all evidence in support or against the claim is elucidated.
The power generated is wheeled through the Rajasthan State Electricity grid and is partly consumed by HPCL’s centres at Ajmer, Jaipur, Kota, Pali and Jodhpur.
The Steno Assistant Sub-Inspectors after promotion to the rank of Steno Sub- Inspectors may be absorbed in the permanent cadre of Sub-Inspectors of Police.
The site plan panchanama shows that gold ornaments, pearl necklace, silver ornaments, etc. were left behind on the person of the deceased.
The site plan panchanama shows that gold ornaments, pearl necklace, silver ornaments, etc. were left behind on the person of the deceased.
This circumstance appears to us to be totally innocuous and no advantage can be drawn from it by the defence.
Since there is no documentary proof that the plaintiff was in possession of the suit property, that too for a long period, he cannot be allowed to succeed based on minor discrepancies in the evidence of the defendants.
Since there is no documentary proof that the plaintiff was in possession of the suit property, that too for a long period, he cannot be allowed to succeed based on minor discrepancies in the evidence of the defendants.
For the purposes of this Chapter, the expression “standard quality  means— (a) in relation to a drug, that the drug complies with the standard set out in the Second Schedule, and (b) in relation to a cosmetic, that the cosmetic complies with such standard as may be prescribed.
I had been engaged with law and order maintaing job upto 21.05 hrs.
It would lead to absurd results.
In the case of Heinz India (P) Ltd. v. Union of India[2], this Court, on the issue of the power of the High Court for judicial review under , held as under: I have described the third head as 'procedural impropriety' rather than failure to observe basic rules of natural justice or failure to act with procedural fairness towards the person who will be affected by the decision.
Again, the proviso lays down that no woman shall be punishable with imprisonment.
The victim may be prepared to settle the matter for any consideration other than innocence of the accused, but it did not wash off the criminal antecedents of an accused.
On the contrary, the recitals and stipulations in the said agreements had only been in affirmation of the agreement for sale and of the receipt of part payment from time to time against the sale consideration.
On the contrary, the recitals and stipulations in the said agreements had only been in affirmation of the agreement for sale and of the receipt of part payment from time to time against the sale consideration.
Having regard to the conflicting opinion of the High Courts, leave was granted in this matter.
This is expressed by saying that the levy of tax is for the purposes of general revenue, which when collected revenues of the State.
So far the period of limitation was concerned, it was observed that a new law of limitation providing for a shorter period cannot certainly extinguish a vested right of action.
So far the period of limitation was concerned, it was observed that a new law of limitation providing for a shorter period cannot certainly extinguish a vested right of action.
Proceedings, which have attained finality under existing law due to bar of limitation cannot be held to be open for revival unless the amended provision is clearly given retrospective operation so as to allow upsetting of proceedings, which had already been concluded and attained finality.
M.D. informed Shri Mishra that a lenient view will be taken, if he accepts the charge.
Collect / Pay Mark - to - Market margins Cheque on your futures positions on a daily basis from / to your Member.
Unacceptable.
This Court though observed that the application ought to have been filed under Order 22 Rule 4 of the Code inasmuch as the death had occurred during the subsistence of the matter before the Court and the application under Order 1 Rule 10 of the Code was not maintainable, had proceeded to allow the application on the ground that it would be unjust to non-suit the applicant on the ground of technicalities.
The Centre claims that it is proven that non- therapeutic antibiotics given to poultry cause such resistance and that such antibiotics are given to poultry because their living conditions are cramped and unhygienic.
In our view, a simpler method is necessary so far as procedure in the Indian Environmental Courts is concerned.
In our considered opinion, such extraordinary power i.e. suo motu power of initiation of revisional proceeding has to be exercised within a reasonable period of time and what is a reasonable period of time would depend on the facts and circumstances of each case.
In our considered opinion, such extraordinary power i.e. suo motu power of initiation of revisional proceeding has to be exercised within a reasonable period of time and what is a reasonable period of time would depend on the facts and circumstances of each case.
The injustice which comes to light should be of a grave, and not of a trivial character; it should be palpable and clear and not doubtful and there should exist no other provision of law by which the party aggrieved could have sought relief.
The third requirement ensures that the means which are adopted by the legislature are proportional to the object and needs sought to be fulfilled by the law.
Reserves for shipping business.
The bilateral negotiations hitherto held between the States of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu have totally failed.
But that would be a fresh cause of action for the aggrieved party to avail of the opportunity of judicial review.
Under the Limitation Act the limitation for preferring a claim gets extended on account of acknowledgement of the liability in writing or on account of part payment within the period of limitation.
Hearing contemplated under is necessary to enable the Collector to deal effectively with the objections raised against the proposed acquisition and make a report.
PART F Reduced to its core, separation entails that one organ or institution of the state cannot usurp the powers of another.
It is urged by him that it is the bounden duty of the appellate court to reappreciate the evidence in proper perspective and thereafter arrive at appropriate conclusion and that exercise having not been done, the impugned judgment does not commend acceptation.
It is urged by him that it is the bounden duty of the appellate court to reappreciate the evidence in proper perspective and thereafter arrive at appropriate conclusion and that exercise having not been done, the impugned judgment does not commend acceptation.
The police authorities had shown that the large crowds were making a fair trial impossible and creating delays in deciding the cases.
The broad question indicated above may be conveniently dissected into the following specific questions arising in the cases under consideration.
The instructions of CBSE are also to the effect that the school should consult the parents’ representatives before revising the fees.
Therefore, on a cursory glance, it would appear that the writ petition W.P.No.34418 of 2017 challenging the very same charge memo dated 15-05-2009 may be barred by res judicata.
With regard to Section 27 of the Act, what is important is discovery of the material object at the disclosure of the accused but such disclosure alone would not automatically lead to the conclusion that the offence was also committed by the accused.
It has been quite often said and, rightly so, that the judiciary is the protector and preserver of rule of law.
It is a model worth emulating and following the same could help address problems in other areas faced by our farming community.
The court can also traverse to an extent to see what is decipherable but not to the extent of laying down something desirable according to the court if the legislative intent is otherwise not discernible.
A request was also made to afford an opportunity to cross examine those witnesses.
The object of rules of natural justice is to ensure that a government servant is treated fairly in proceedings which may culminate in imposition of punishment including dismissal/removal from service.
So, an attempt has now been made to get into the rule position and to find whether the petitioner is eligible to be considered for promotion to the post of Executive Engineer, Superintending Engineer and Chief Engineer.
No endorsement was forthcoming in that regard.
We are told by the counsel for the petitioner that approximately 16 churches have been fully or partly damaged.
Online machine translation from English to Hindi - Aanglahindi has been developed and made available at IIT Kanpur websites.
Apart from these penal provisions, a specific section has been proposed to empower the District Magistrate or the SDM to take preventive measures and a further obligation is cast on them to take note of the information laid before them by the marrying couple or their family members and to extend necessary protection to them.
On-going Due Diligence  means regular monitoring of transactions in accounts to ensure that they are consistent with the customers’ profile and source of funds.
The appeal is disposed off accordingly.
According to the National Family Health Survey 3, every day close to 5,000 children dies in India due to preventable causes including malnutrition.
If it is not accepted, it must be changed.
The debate continued the next day on 25th November, 1948 when, as soon as the Constituent Assembly met, Dr. Ambedkar moved an amendment for the deletion of certain words from of the Draft Constitution.
Interest was payable by law under that Act in equity.
Yes, Mr. Parasaran.
This was completely burnt in the fire.
The Central Government or the State Government, as the case may be, either in its individual capacity or as a representative of interests of the consumers in general.
All eligible passengers can avail of foreign tourist Quotas by several trains in nominated classes as provided.
It also stands duly noted, that she could not spontaneously name household articles, and food materials, or recall the names of persons and objects seen in movies or read in books.
It also stands duly noted, that she could not spontaneously name household articles, and food materials, or recall the names of persons and objects seen in movies or read in books.
Both the Courts below were, therefore, right and justified in accepting the claim of the plaintiff-appellant and the High Court was completely in error in setting aside the concurrent view and allowing the second appeal.
All clearances shall, subject to the provisions of Rule 173-CC, be made only after the approval of the list by the proper officer.
Ms Wadia sought to draw sustenance from the fact that the holder of an ITI certification can obtain lateral entry to the diploma course.
One may choose the mode of silence to be visually (2018) 1 SCC 778 eloquent and another may use the method of semi- melodramatic approach that will have impact.
Thus, by limiting the forum for dispute resolution, the 2015 Model might deny available remedies to Indian investors abroad.
It provides that all questions including questions relating to right, title or interest in the property arising between the parties to a proceeding on an application under Rule 97 or Rule 99 or their representatives, and relevant to the adjudication of the application shall be determined by the Court dealing with an application and not by a separate suit and for the said purpose, the executing court has been conferred the jurisdiction to decide the same.
It provides that all questions including questions relating to right, title or interest in the property arising between the parties to a proceeding on an application under Rule 97 or Rule 99 or their representatives, and relevant to the adjudication of the application shall be determined by the Court dealing with an application and not by a separate suit and for the said purpose, the executing court has been conferred the jurisdiction to decide the same.
It shall come into force on such date as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, appoint.
It shall come into force on such date as the Central Government may, by notification in the Official Gazette, appoint.
Bhandara, Gadchiroli, Nagpur, Yavatmal, Jalna, Buldhana, Washim.
He said when people of India will come to understand that our past and present is one, our literature and culture is one, national unity will be strengthened.
After 2-3 days on 9.2.1993, he had gone to Mahad driving the said vehicle and had reached there at noon.
When it comes to whether the borrower can, given the consequences of being declared a wilful defaulter, be said to have a right to be represented by a lawyer, the judgments of this Court have held that there is no such unconditional right, and that it would all depend on the facts and circumstances of each case, given the governing rules and the fact situation of each case.
It is true that the State has an overall control over the law and order and public order of the area under its jurisdiction.
It must further be mentioned that on 03.06.2017, the District Probation Officer, District Women and Child Welfare Department, Raigad, Alibaug submitted a Home Inquiry Report wherein it was noted that the appellant’s family was in a state of starvation.
It having been found that respondent No.1 was in possession prior to he being dispossessed in execution of the decree, he was entitled to be put back into possession.
The private sector has played a key role in higher education in many countries.
Shariat’ was given statutory effect, through the Shariat Act.
On completion of the investigation, a closure report under was filed on 11.01.1997 in which it was stated that the death was caused due to an accident.
In view of the above, judgment of the High Court cannot be sustained.
The allotment of the plot was obtained initially in the name of Kumari Sneh Lata, who was the eldest child of late Kashmiri Lal Dhall.
The girls' interview, in fact, indicated that they came to the dance bars through family, community, neighbours and street knowledge.
On that basis alone, the writ petition came to be allowed.
The fountain head of all the three cases may be at Dholpur from where truck loaded with explosives moved to different destinations but from that it cannot be said that the acts and omissions which constitute the offence are the same.
In the same manner, with the help of other police officers, he had registered 34 accidental deaths reported at KEM Hospital.
Likewise, in the records no objective material is available to support such a criteria.
Several questions having bearing on result of said election being materially affected in so far as returned candidate is concerned, arise.
Stated simply, it is conceded, that an order passed by the Governor in exercise of his own discretion (without any aid or advice) can be successfully assailed, if it can be shown, that in the discretion exercised by the Governor, he had acted wantonly, whimsically or arbitrarily.
In accordance with procedures, it was processed by the West Bengal Consultancy Organisation Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as 'WEBCON'), which independently prepared a techno-economic feasibility report, ‘Exhibit F1’.
This very argument based on the aforesaid judgment was taken in the LPAs before the High Court as well.
AIIMS should be a power house of biomedical research and a role model for others.
At 09.00 p.m., on a cycle, he was proceeding from Railway Station road through Thiruvalluvar Salai to reach the Raja Rajeswari Hospital.
A Solar lantern is a simple application of solar photovoltaic technology, which has found good acceptance in rural regions where the power supply is irregular and scarce.
This vast majority (borrowing the language of the South African Constitutional Court) is denied “moral full citizenship .
The Tribunal held that the gradation list made in consequence of the Government Resolution dated 25.5.1982 was illegal, and the petitioners were entitled to consideration for their promotion in view of their seniority.
This, we say as the basis for interest on CVP can only be state action which is arbitrary.
At both important points of registering and cracking the case, the common factor also was the same higher officer Mr. Mohan Jha, then in-charge of the City Crime Branch.
In the instant case, the “other activities  of the Corporation are not optional as contemplated under Sections 41/51 of the 2003 Act but are mandatorily cast by the statute i.e. Act of 1948 which, being in the nature of socially beneficial measures, per se, do not entail earning of any revenue so as to require maintenance of separate accounts.
This Court held that Statement of Objects and Reasons of the Bill for insertion of does not indicate that there was any intention on the part of the Parliament to impair or derogate from the scheme of securing independence of the Judiciary as enshrined in Articles 229 and 235 of the Constitution.
We want to provide only such education as would enable the student to earn more.
Gautam Hari Kale, R/o Zapwadi Shiv, TQ Nawasa, Dist.
Though we express our view in the present manner, the judgment rendered in ITI Ltd. (supra) is a binding precedent.
In D.K. Basu1, this Court was concerned with custodial violence and deaths in police lockups.
After depositing the amount the Registry shall disburse the same to the claimant or her authorized agent on satisfaction in respect of the identity of the person concerned.
Justice Subba Rao adopted the same position.
The view in Samarendra Das22 to the extent it holds that an Assistant Public Prosecutor is not an officer of the Court is not a correct view.
After his Master’s Degree in Political Science from Allahabad University (1950-51), he joined the Socialist Movement.
There is another provision in which also uses the significant expression “special reason .
It is not in doubt that the file referred to by the appellant related to the Annual Confidential Record of a third-party, Ms. Jyoti Balasundaram and was specific to substantiation by the Reporting Officer of the comments made in her ACRs about the third – party’s integrity.
That apart, though in the year 1988 there were only four posts in Group XII, number of several posts have been subsequently included.
The parties shall appear before the Deputy Registrar on 27.8.2007 with a copy of this order.
I wish you and the entire team every success in the future.
I wish you and the entire team every success in the future.
The Bombay blast took place on 12.3.1993, and it was after that the appellant has kept the 2 remaining bags with Md. Hanit Usman Shaikh (PW.282) from where they had been recovered by the police on a voluntary disclosure of the appellant and at his instance.
Bail discretion, on the basis of evidence about the criminal record of a defendant, is therefore not an exercise in irrelevance.
The fair market value of the acquired land cannot be decided in isolation on the basis of only one factor.
He fully supported the first information report lodged by him.
Consequently, the appellant (A-18) had come there with Imtiyaz in the afternoon.
On 21.07.2004, the President returned the petitioners’ file (along with the files of ten other death-row convicts) to Respondent No. 1 for the advice of the new Home Minister.
Relying upon another judgment of the High Court recorded on the 7th September, 1961 in Appeal No.191 of 1960, it has been the practice of the City Court to adjourn a notice of motion for injunction in a suit filed without such valid notice, which gives time to the plaintiff to give the notice.
The Division Bench rightly set aside the erroneous order of the Single Judge.
We feel that the High Court was not right in setting aside the trial court’s reasonable view on availability of light.
Education is the mantra that can transform our economic fortunes and eliminate the gaps that have made our society unequal.
However, the Division Bench took into account the plight of the students caused due to negligence on the part of the Deemed University and, therefore, directed that each respondent-student be paid Rs.50,000/- by the Deemed University in addition to refund of the entire fee which was paid for the two years BTC Course in 2008-09 and 2009-10 respectively.
I have perused the record.
Hence in cases where offence is punishable with imprisonment for 10 years or more, the accused could be detained up to a period of 90 days.
Two trucks carrying smuggled goods had been intercepted by the police party at Gondghar Phata.
A-2 informed Ram Singh (PW-1), the Manager of hotel Buddha, Varanasi, that the condition of the deceased was not fine, after which the accused, PW-1 and others took the deceased to S.S.P.G. Hospital, Varanasi for treatment, where the doctors declared the ailing tourist as 'brought dead'.
We have to carry forward the momentum that has been built.
The building or part can be acquired and there is no question of acquisition of the land in such cases.
Learned senior counsel would contend that once the Board has no jurisdiction/ authority to fix the MRP, it is not entitled to fix any element/ component of the MRP as it would bring an anomalous situation.
Even when certificate to appeal to this Court was granted on 1 August 1963, the State did not ask for any order for stay of operation of the judgment.
Besides the said resolution, the Ministry of Finance, Department of Expenditure, Implementation Cell on 29th August 2008 vide its communication made it amply clear to the Ministry of Defence that the proposal regarding implementation of the Government decision of pay revision qua Officers of Armed Forces for grant of DACP to Doctors who are Commissioned Officers in AMC Cadre has been deleted as the same is not applicable to the Doctors in the Defence Forces.
The judgment of this Court concludes that there is no justification to allow liquor vends on state highways (while prohibiting them on national highways) having due regard to drunken driving being one of the significant causes of road accidents in India.
The right to speedy trial is in its very nature relative.
And that is where the status and strata of the husband comes into play and that is where the legal obligation of the husband becomes a prominent one.
The said principle was correctly applied by the learned Sessions Judge as well as the High Court.
Bulls – who are pushed, hit, prodded and abused in jallikattu – suffer mentally as well as physically.
The wide gaps between the stone members were observed to be filed with cement mortar.
As can be noted from the chronology of events and the material that has been placed before this Court that the defence raised by the accused is not at all probable.
I am glad that the President of the Council, Dr. Karan Singh, who is also India 's Designate representative to the Executive Board of UNESCO, is with us today.
Sucha transfer, it was said, was outside the purview of article 222 and power to transfer in this fashion makes Judges vulnerable to pressure or black- mail.
The material reveals that he was not able to return two bags on the count of same being heavy.
Mr. Rao, however, pointed out that this section requires the candidate to furnish the information as to whether he is accused of any offence which is punishable with imprisonment for two years or more in a pending case, and in which a charge has been framed by a competent court.
Mr. Rao, however, pointed out that this section requires the candidate to furnish the information as to whether he is accused of any offence which is punishable with imprisonment for two years or more in a pending case, and in which a charge has been framed by a competent court.
The said confession reveals that the appellant participated in the weapons training at Pakistan.
The indigenous production of cement was not sufficient to meet the entire domestic demand and accordingly, the Government had to control its price and distribution statutorily.
The Authority shall have a Secretary who shall be an engineer to be appointed by the Central Government for a term of three years extendable to five years not below the rank of Chief Engineer from the CWES cadre.
It is settled law as well as it is provided under the Code of Civil Procedure that once the decree has attained finality, in an execution proceeding, it may be challenged only on limited grounds such as the decree being without jurisdiction or a nullity.
As per the statements of witnesses recorded during investigation, no role has been attributed to the present applicant.
Jamia has been a proponent of gender and social equality.
The relief which was sought was the quashing of the order dated 16 August 2011 rejecting his representation.
On appeal, the High Court affirmed the conviction for both the offences and imposed sentence of imprisonment on the appellant.
Firstly, the Act infringes the guaranteed fundamental rights under Articles 14 and 19 of the Constitution.
Firstly, the Act infringes the guaranteed fundamental rights under Articles 14 and 19 of the Constitution.
What the writ petitioners contend in support of their challenge to the validity of the legislation is that since they were also appointed on ad hoc basis though in a different way, the legislation was bad for under inclusion.
What the writ petitioners contend in support of their challenge to the validity of the legislation is that since they were also appointed on ad hoc basis though in a different way, the legislation was bad for under inclusion.
We reiterate that there is an alarming and sinister increase in instances where convicts have filed appeals apparently with a view to circumvent and escape undergoing the sentences awarded against them.
We reiterate that there is an alarming and sinister increase in instances where convicts have filed appeals apparently with a view to circumvent and escape undergoing the sentences awarded against them.
Further, once the auction sale is confirmed by the Competent Authority, it is not open to the Authority to exercise power under Rule 38(6), to set aside the sale.
Or you can visit the Karbi villages, meet the Karbi people and observe their life style.
In Goa Foundation there was a challenge to the report of the Justice Shah Commission in respect of its conclusions pertaining to the State of Goa.
Since the share of Indian pilgrims is limited by numbers, based on such a bilateral agreement, the Government of India also formulates its Haj Policy for smooth operations, particularly keeping in mind the interest of these pilgrims (who are known as Hajjis).
Since the share of Indian pilgrims is limited by numbers, based on such a bilateral agreement, the Government of India also formulates its Haj Policy for smooth operations, particularly keeping in mind the interest of these pilgrims (who are known as Hajjis).
We find force in the arguments of the petitioners that the amended provisions of shall apply in their cases as well and, therefore, if they have not completed five years of tenure as Presiding Officers of the Debt Recovery Tribunal they are entitled to continue to work as Presiding Officers till they attain the age of 65 years or complete five years’ term before attaining the age of 65 years.
The rate at which the charge on total income on the previous year is imposed is not laid down in the but in the indicated every year by the Parliament to give effect to the financial proposals of the Central Government.
(3) Where the assessee disputes the rate of duty approved by the proper officer in respect of any goods, he may, after giving an intimation to that effect to such officer, pay duty under protest at the rate approved by such officer.
The reason given by the High Court that, the respondent did not know as to whom he was causing harm out of the two on the motorcycle and it was only one gunshot injury which resulted in death is not tenable in law.
Therefore, the ratio in Mariyappa [(1998) 3 SCC 276] is not attracted to the facts of the present case.
Ms. Desai submits that in view of the opinions, based on DNA profiling that appellant is not the biological father, he cannot be fastened with the liability to pay maintenance to the girl-child born to the wife.
Click here to book Train Ticket online.
Speaking on the occasion, the President said the universality of Swami Vivekananda’s teachings holds great relevance in the modern world.
One reason appears to be that there is certainty with regard to the age of the deceased but as far as that of dependants is concerned, there will always be room for dispute as to whether the age of the eldest or youngest or even the average, etc., is to be taken.
Clear and present danger - tendency to affect.
He beats me and acts under the influence of his mother and sisters.
In support of the said contention reliance was placed on the decision of this Court in the case of Uma Devi (supra).
But if the nature of vacancies in an establishment is such that a person of a specific category of disability cannot be employed, the vacancies may be interchanged among the three categories with the approval of the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment and reservation may be determined and vacancies filled accordingly.
It transports passengers and cargo by air across the globe and provides other related services.
In adjusting whether the sale conveys the whole estate, the actual pressure on the estate, the danger to be averted, and the benefit to be conferred upon the estate in the particular instance must be considered.
Neither any intimation will be sent to you, nor any correspondence will be entertained in this regard.
Yogesh identified the voice as that of another employee Imtiyaz.
FIR was lodged.
It was held that the entire crime recorded in FIR No.198 of 1992 would encompass Sections other than the 3 Sections mentioned and this plea was also, therefore, turned down.
Therefore, I find it extremely difficult to agree with the learned Chief Justice that the practice of triple talaq has to be considered integral to the religious denomination in question and that the same is part of their personal law.
The fundamental principle which emerges from our interpretation of the 2006 notification is that in the area of environmental governance, the means are as significant as the ends.
The fundamental principle which emerges from our interpretation of the 2006 notification is that in the area of environmental governance, the means are as significant as the ends.
Deficiency of faculty is 21.96%.
The High Court by modifying the guidelines for accepting the option had watered down the enactment of Act, 2014.
Consequently, we allow the appeals; set aside the impugned judgments and answer the question formulated by the High Court, extracted in para 6 (supra), in favour of the Revenue.
In a condolence message tohis wife,Smt. Darshan Katyal, the President has said, 'I am sad to learn about the passing away of Shri K.K. Katyal.
Society will be able to view court proceedings first hand and form reasoned and educated opinions about the functioning of courts.
Society will be able to view court proceedings first hand and form reasoned and educated opinions about the functioning of courts.
It is well-settled that the onus to demonstrate that such decision has been vitiated because of adopting a procedure not sanctioned by law, or because of bad faith or taking into consideration factors which are irrelevant, is on the person who questions the validity thereof.
It is well-settled that the onus to demonstrate that such decision has been vitiated because of adopting a procedure not sanctioned by law, or because of bad faith or taking into consideration factors which are irrelevant, is on the person who questions the validity thereof.
Other aircrafts of KAL lying at various airports also got detained at different airports due to non-payment of charges and subsequently deregistered.
According to the petitioners, thirteen such alleged letters were leaked to the media by the police during the course of press briefings.
According to the petitioners, thirteen such alleged letters were leaked to the media by the police during the course of press briefings.
We also heard the learned amicus curiae on the submissions made by the learned counsel for the appellant.
It is pertinent to note that since the main objective in case of Beggar Homes is the economic rehabilitation together with the physical, psychological and social rehabilitation, it is expected that the allocation of expenditure would reflect the relative importance of these objectives, but when the expenditure pattern of these bodies is examined in this light, it is found that the administrative expenses form predominantly part of the total expenditure.
Further, since the use of trade mark enables the manufacturer to distinguish his product from that of the others, the consumer becomes fully aware of the advantages of using that particular product.
The plaintiff has made its claim in the suit under four heads.
Since the formation of the state, the Government has been consciously focusing on evolving a strategy to use IT as enabling tool to improve primary and secondary education / learning.
The test, in our considered view, is one of preponderance of probabilities so far as adjudication of civil liability arising out of violation of the Act or the provisions of the Regulations framed thereunder is concerned.
The test, in our considered view, is one of preponderance of probabilities so far as adjudication of civil liability arising out of violation of the Act or the provisions of the Regulations framed thereunder is concerned.
The Special Leave Petitions were dismissed in limine and this Court in one of the Special Leave Petitions has expressly left the question of law open.
She had lost her three sons in the incident and must be terribly emotionally disturbed while giving evidence.
She had lost her three sons in the incident and must be terribly emotionally disturbed while giving evidence.
In result, Transfer Petition is allowed and the SLPs are dismissed subject to observations as made above.
The respondents have referred to the recommendations made by the Law Commission of India in its 63 rd Report.
In the facts and circumstance of this case, it cannot be said that the appellant is guilty of criminal negligence.
Conditional and credit sale arrangements could also be covered here as could certain redeemable shares.
In her aforesaid assessment, she was found to be able to execute and complete, working memory tasks.
The word “goods  was used to describe the thing itself.
The EUGDPR under prohibits the collection of biometric data unless except in few circumstances which include (but are not limited to) - (a) there is an explicit consent by the party whose data is being collected.
At the same time, it cannot be disputed that once a person enrols himself and obtains Aadhaar number as mentioned in Section 3 of the Aadhaar Act, such Aadhaar number can be used for many other purposes.
Provided that the provisions of this sub-section shall not apply where such profits and gains are receivable under a trust declared by any person by will exclusively for the benefit of any relative dependent on him for support and maintenance, and such trust is the only trust so declared by him.
He further said that informal settlements and slums lack water and sanitation facilities with the resultant disease burden not only on the urban poor but the entire community.
The emotional distress or psychological effect on the wife, if not the physical injury, is bound to continue to traumatize the wife even after she leaves the matrimonial home and takes shelter at the parental home.
The emotional distress or psychological effect on the wife, if not the physical injury, is bound to continue to traumatize the wife even after she leaves the matrimonial home and takes shelter at the parental home.
The SPQEM is a demand driven scheme.
Also, we think it relevant to mention that till date no steps appear to have been taken for acquisition of the land in question or to release the same.
Even if the said statement of the appellant-railways is to be accepted, though no material has been laid in support thereof, what cannot be denied is the fact that till date the award is yet to be passed.
Even if the said statement of the appellant-railways is to be accepted, though no material has been laid in support thereof, what cannot be denied is the fact that till date the award is yet to be passed.
Accordingly, in the first bi - monthly monetary policy statement 2015 - 16, it was proposed to do away with the Calendar of Reviews and instead, replace it with the seven critical themes prescribed by the Nayak Committee namely, business strategy, financial reports and their integrity, risk, compliance, customer protection, financial inclusion and human resources (as illustrated in Annex), and leave it to the banks’ Boards to determine other list of items to be deliberated and periodicity thereof.
This appeal was called on for pronouncement of JUDGEMENT today.
Such denial of higher scale of pay and allowances of the post of Child Development Project Officer (CDPO) to your Applicants is unjust, improper and illegal under the law of the land, since no employee should get the pay and allowances of the post he holds, even in Acting capacity.
The location of the aforesaid two units came within the purview of the Order dated 30.10.1996 passed by this Court by which relocation of manufacturing/industrial units in non-conforming or residential areas were required to be made.
There is the 'Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) Policy', which governs the various aspects of foreign investment in India.
After setting aside the order, the High Court remanded the matter to the court of learned Munsif for disposal in accordance with law.
After setting aside the order, the High Court remanded the matter to the court of learned Munsif for disposal in accordance with law.
He emphasizes that there is a life span for every legal remedy and condonation of delay is an exception.
A reading of the said sub-clause 83(1)(b) is to the effect that such particulars should be complete in every respect and when it relates to an allegation of corrupt practice it should specifically state the names of the parties who alleged to have committed such corrupt practice and also the date and place where such corrupt practice was committed.
A reading of the said sub-clause 83(1)(b) is to the effect that such particulars should be complete in every respect and when it relates to an allegation of corrupt practice it should specifically state the names of the parties who alleged to have committed such corrupt practice and also the date and place where such corrupt practice was committed.
On a closer examination of the relevant provisions of the Qur'an and the other sources of Islamic law, this does not seem to be the truth.
This apart, the voter wrote that his vote is for ‘Venkata Ram Reddy’ (petitioner).
The respective employees were also paid six months’ salary which was deposited in the bank accounts of the concerned employees.
S. 304A does not say every unjustifiable or inexcusable act of killing not hereinbefore mentioned shall be punishable under the provisions of this section, but it specifically and in terms limits itself to those rash or negligent acts which cause death but fall short of culpable homicide of either description.
The fact that the percentage of disability of the appellant is relatively less than the other named officers would make no difference.
Even so, a closer look will disclose why we follow the larger Bench (as we are bound to, even if there is a plain conflict between the two cases).
He is ordered to be released.
Mr. Nguyen Phu Trong, General Secretary to the Communist Party of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam called on President of India Shri Pranab Mukherjee today (November 20, 2013) at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
However, the court need not insist in every case that the accused should disprove the non-existence of consideration and debt by leading direct evidence because the existence of negative evidence is neither possible nor contemplated.
However, the court need not insist in every case that the accused should disprove the non-existence of consideration and debt by leading direct evidence because the existence of negative evidence is neither possible nor contemplated.
All those charges stood proved by the evidence brought on record by the respondents.
This Sector is situated at far distance and is not as per my requirement.
The entire accent in the definition of owner is on the holder of a permit in respect of the public service motor vehicle.
The entire accent in the definition of owner is on the holder of a permit in respect of the public service motor vehicle.
Their presence at the scene of occurrence at the time of the incident is highly unnatural as also their ability to individually and correctly identify each of the accused from a considerable distance, especially when it was dark at the alleged place of occurrence, is itself suspect.
Exhibit-C-16 that efforts were made to sell the contract objects stranded in the factory to other Electricity Boards but those efforts did not succeed.
The topic for today’s lecture is 'National Integration .
Their bail bonds stand discharged.
The submission in the EIA report that there were only sparse trees is sought to be explained by the state from the perspective of the large area of the land proposed for the project.
Not only this, the aforesaid jug, when sent for chemical analysis to CFSL, gave positive test for traces of sulphuric acid.
While Article 129, dealing with the said power “T of the Supreme Court, provides that “The Supreme Court shall be a court of record and shall have all the powers of such a court including the power to punish for contempt of itself’; Article 215 vests similar power with the High Courts.
Therefore, the question before us is - whether the State could be empowered to relax qualifying marks or standards for reservation in matters of promotion.
A diffusion is circulated directly by an NCB to the member countries of their choice, or to the entire INTERPOL membership and is simultaneously recorded in INTERPOL’s Information System.
For more details visit http: / / www. tin - nsdl. com (External website that opens in anew window).
The two parts are mutually exclusive of each other.
If, on the other hand, the concept of compensatory taxes were to have a loose and undefined ambit, by the application of the ‘some link’ or ‘some connection’ test (as was adopted in Bhagatram and Bihar Chamber of Commerce), then any connection would suffice for a tax to be called compensatory.
While there has been a considerable degree of reform in the formal legal system, there is an aspect of women’s lives where their subordination has historically been considered beyond reproach or remedy.
Madam/Sir, [Name of the financial creditor], hereby submits this claim in respect of the corporate insolvency resolution process of [name of corporate debtor].
Again where a person induces or attempts to induce a candidate, or voter to believe that he or any person in whom he is interested will become or will be rendered an object of Divine displeasure or of spiritual censure, that would also amount to voluntary interference with the free exercise of the electoral right and would be undue influence.
It is no exaggeration that coal is regarded by many as the black diamond.
As regards loss of income during laid up period, the amount of Rs.12,000/- has been awarded on the ground that the appellant had been earning Rs.125/- per day i.e. Rs.3,750/- per month and as he was under treatment and rest for about three months, loss of income was to the tune of Rs.12,000/-.
Prior to that, the learned trial Judge misconstruing the order had enlarged the accused on bail.
There can be no question of infringement of if the Government tries to get the best person or the best quotation.
The learned Single Judge further came to the conclusion that the Corporation was not incorporated for the sole purpose of operating the Canteen for Air India but was set up as a legal entity to carry on business in diverse fields.
Upon the expiry of five years or the number of years required by the laws or regulations governing the entity whichever is later, the authentication logs shall be deleted except those logs which are required to be retained by a court or for pending disputes.
The Tribunal has placed reliance on the charge-sheet filed against both the deceased and the driver of the offending vehicle and has held that there was contributory negligence of the deceased which resulted in head on collision between the two vehicles.
Details of amounts of fenugreek seeds to be consumed, the form of consumption and other precautions to be taken are given below.
But the idea of liberty is more complex than that.
But, if the fact situation shows that in the guise of self-preservation, what really has been done is to assault the original aggressor, even after the cause of reasonable apprehension has disappeared, the plea of right of private defence can legitimately be negatived.
At the time of occurrence, Mohan Lal – PW-15 was present in the said premises, along with his wife and children.
In contra, learned counsel appearing for the CCL supported the impugned judgment on the reasoning and the eventual conclusion reached by the Division Bench and contended that both deserves to be upheld.
It further held that the scope of judicial review being limited in tender matters, the Court had to restrain itself from interfering with the process so long as the decision of the competent authority was not against public interest, irrational, mala fide or illegal.
It further held that the scope of judicial review being limited in tender matters, the Court had to restrain itself from interfering with the process so long as the decision of the competent authority was not against public interest, irrational, mala fide or illegal.
The adoption of this principle in the matter of confirmation, will not, in practice, give any undue advantage to the promotees.
Agreement is essential.
The object of the TAFRC is to ensure a justified fee structure which does not reflect profiteering and capitation fee.
The object of the TAFRC is to ensure a justified fee structure which does not reflect profiteering and capitation fee.
This petition came up for preliminary hearing on October 08, 2015 when notice was issued and the matter was directed to be listed on October 16, 2015 at 2:00 p.m. since the petitioners wanted stay on burning of crackers during Diwali, which was around the corner in that year.
At about 4.00 a.m. the next day, he had received the complaint from PW2, by the time, he had already started investigation after getting information from Jarullabachai DAR Camp and on his personal visit to the site.
He was the resident of an area in close vicinity of the office of the Crime Branch of the police department.
Under the 2006 notification, prior to the preparation of the EIA report by the applicant, the concerned authority formulates comprehensive ToR on the basis of the information furnished by the applicant addressing all relevant environmental concerns.
Under the 2006 notification, prior to the preparation of the EIA report by the applicant, the concerned authority formulates comprehensive ToR on the basis of the information furnished by the applicant addressing all relevant environmental concerns.
The High Court was clearly in error in upsetting the order of the Tribunal.
The Parliament by its procedure permits the Committee Report to be filed in the Court, hence there is no prohibition in the Court in looking into the Parliamentary Report.
The Parliament by its procedure permits the Committee Report to be filed in the Court, hence there is no prohibition in the Court in looking into the Parliamentary Report.
Lastly, it is submitted by Mr. Nariman that the appellant has been made the payment within 5 days only to avail rebate of 2.5%.
Both the cases were amalgamated in which trial took place against 15 persons.
In 2005, the Ministry of Commerce, Government of India has enacted the Special Economic Zone (SEZ) Act, with an objective of providing an internationally competitive and hassle free environment for exports.
We have already analyzed that aspect of the matter in the earlier part of the judgment, which needs no repetition.
Petitions being service matters of Armed Forces of the Union.
In the entire facts and circumstances of this case, the factum of arrest and seizure of weapon from Accused No. 1 has been cogently established by PW-11 and other evidences on record.
Some do not even possess the requisite skills and acumen to convert their innovations into sustainable and marketable products.
Countering the arguments of the appellant, they referred to and relied upon of the Indian Contract Act, 1872 to buttress their submission that waiver is a right granted by the and does not depend upon the PPA.
Open courts ensure a check on the process of adjudication in judicial proceedings.
Even in the absence of any such statutory provisions, the transfer of granted lands in contravention of the terms of the grant or in breach of any law, rule or regulation covering such grant will clearly be voidable and the resumption of such granted lands after avoiding the voidable transfers in accordance with law will be permitted.
Even in the absence of any such statutory provisions, the transfer of granted lands in contravention of the terms of the grant or in breach of any law, rule or regulation covering such grant will clearly be voidable and the resumption of such granted lands after avoiding the voidable transfers in accordance with law will be permitted.
VI (Expenditure list), it is submitted by Mr. Acharya that this loan has been taken by Lex Property Development Ltd. and not by Sudhakaran.
We find considerable force in this submission.
This is the first thought which came to my mind after reading the judgments authored by my noble brothers Khehar, Chelameswar, Lokur and Goel, JJ., exhaustively dealing with the subject.
Relevant portion of the above chapter, has been extracted in paragraph xxx 47 xxx, above.
Now turning to the impugned seniority lists, what the Union of India appears to have done is that it has applied the quota and rotated the vacancies but where candidates from a particular source were not available, the vacancies were deemed to be kept open (some kind of carry forward) to be filled in by later recruitment from the same source years after the vacancy occurred, but in the meantime the vacancy was filled in presumably by excess recruitment from the other sources.
The ever increasing interest in the game of Cricket in our country has raised issues of its regulation, control and management.
However, having regard to the nature of the controversy, I wish to add a few words of mine.
Kunwar Sen and Others.
If the nomination of a candidate other than the returned candidate is found to have been improperly accepted, it is essential that the election petitioner has to plead and prove that the votes polled in favour of such candidate would have been polled in his favour.
If the nomination of a candidate other than the returned candidate is found to have been improperly accepted, it is essential that the election petitioner has to plead and prove that the votes polled in favour of such candidate would have been polled in his favour.
Had told Thomas that we would meet at Rajakkad.
They were given Rs. 1000/- for expenses.
They were given Rs. 1000/- for expenses.
They were given Rs. 1000/- for expenses.
A mechanical endorsement of the report of the Collector cannot be a substitute for the requirement of application of mind by the Government which must be clearly reflected in the record.
The wildlife found comprises of Snow Leopard, Himalayan Bear, Himalayan Mouse Hare, Musk Deer, Blue Sheep, etc. A number of butterfly species also inhabit this park.
Mr. Bhushan, in the course of his arguments, has commended us to certain authorities, which we shall refer to at the relevant stage.
These strategies have led to positive outcomes and we need to build - on these initiatives to induce further improvements in the agriculture sector.
In order to support the aforesaid contention, learned counsel placed reliance on .
Other accused are A1, A3, and A6.
It is of interest to note that both the sides, in support of their respective submissions, have referred to certain judgments and the reading whereof would demonstrate that in certain cases benefit of a particular judicial pronouncement is extended to those who are identically situated on the principle of equality.
Narasimham Committee I and II and Andhyarujina Committee constituted by the Central Government for the purpose of examining banking sector reforms have considered the need for changes in the legal system in respect of these areas.
Narasimham Committee I and II and Andhyarujina Committee constituted by the Central Government for the purpose of examining banking sector reforms have considered the need for changes in the legal system in respect of these areas.
Learned counsel for the appellant-State has submitted that as there has been no contribution of funds at the time of construction.
Under , it is only the male-paramour who is punishable for the offence of adultery.
In regard to the appointment of coaches, managers, physiotherapists and other staff, we accept the modification suggested in clause 24(5) in the following terms : In making these recommendations, the Committee has been guided by the need to ensure that vested interests do not emerge out of the indefinite continuation in office of one or more individuals.
Such awards should be cherished and valued by those who receive them.
487. Shri Mukul Gupta, learned senior counsel appearing for the appellant-State has submitted that the evidence against him has been his own confession, wherein he had admitted his role in the facilitation of the landing and transportation of contraband goods from Shekhadi, alongwith Tiger Memon (AA) and his associates.
A Cultivator with a land holding of 1 hectare or less (2. 5 acres).
Therefore, the present petition also is maintainable.
Learned counsel for the appellants has tried to assail the findings of the Courts below on more than one grounds.
During the hearing it was mentioned that AICTE itself has revised the eligibility criteria.
Emergency Medical Care: There is agreement that at least one Trauma Care Centre should be set up in every district with necessary facilities and an ambulance.
This view was expressly restricted by this Court to the facts before it.
This view was expressly restricted by this Court to the facts before it.
We cannot allow the statement of the judges to be contradicted by statements at the Bar or by affidavit and other evidence.
Accused neither examined himself nor produced any evidence either oral or documentary.
Strictly speaking, when the cause of action as well as the subject matter i.e, the property in issue in the subsequent suit are entirely different, res judicata is not attracted and the competent Court is therefore not debarred from trying the subsequent suit which may arise between the same parties in respect of other properties and upon a different cause of action.
The contention of the appellant tenant however, is that the statute postulates a factual service of the notice on, and the actual receipt of it by, the tenant and that this admittedly not being the position in the present case, no eviction could have been decreed.
Real joy comes not from ease or riches or from the praise of men, but from doing something worthwhile.
If the facts in Mohan Lal (supra) were telling with regard to the prosecution, the facts in the present case are equally telling with regard to the accused.
They continued in service not by the orders of the Court/Tribunal, but by the decision of the respondents.
The said order was challenged by the respondents herein (plaintiffs in the suit) before the Division Bench.
Insofar as the issue of political or other influential persons shielding and protecting the offender(s) is concerned, Shri Rao has drawn the attention of the Court to the details of the investigation with regard to the allegations of phone calls made by one Shri Jayaram Pangi, M.P., Karaput Constituency to the deceased to withdraw her case against the accused.
Grant of Ryotwari Pattas:- (1) As soon as may be after commencement of this Act and subject to the provisions of sub section (4), the Tahsildar may suo motu and shall, on application by a person or an institution, after serving a notice in the prescribed manner on all the persons or institutions interested in the grant of ryotwari pattas in respect of the inam lands concerned and after giving them a reasonable opportunity of being heard and examining all the relevant records, determine the persons or institutions entitled to ryotwari pattas in accordance with the provisions of Section 4 and grant them ryotwari patta in the prescribed form.
Iron is an essential element for the formation of hemoglobin in blood red cells and plays an important role in transport of oxygen.
In countries in which the constitution is similarly the supreme law, it is not unusual for the courts to have regard to the circumstances existing at the time the constitution was adopted, including the debates and writings which formed part of the process.
It is contended that the High Court justly considered the merits of the report of the Additional Public Prosecutor dated 28th February, 2017 for extension of time, and after analysing the relevant aspects, concluded that the request made by the Additional Public Prosecutor was genuine and appropriate.
In a report by the UNICEF 32, there is an article on ending child marriage and the ill effects of child marriage have been set out thus:- 32 Report of UNICEF “ON THE STATE OF THE WORLD’S CHILDREN 2016 .
I am told that ASHOKA applies a rigorous selection process to elect their Fellows.
With regard to the genesis of , and more particularly the circumstances in which was amended to make it even more constrictive than before, we have no doubt that the 'therapeutic efficacy' of a medicine must be judged strictly and narrowly.
With regard to the genesis of , and more particularly the circumstances in which was amended to make it even more constrictive than before, we have no doubt that the 'therapeutic efficacy' of a medicine must be judged strictly and narrowly.
-(1) The Central Government may, by Order published in the Official Gazette, make provision for the development and regulation of foreign trade by facilitating imports and increasing exports.
There is nothing unusual in the judicial enumeration of one right on the basis of another under the Constitution.
We are, thus, of the view that respondent No.1 needs to be struck off from the array of parties both in the present proceedings and consequently in the complaint.
Explanations.
129. Ms. Farhana Shah, learned counsel appearing for the respondent has submitted that after appreciating the evidence on record, the Designated Court reached the conclusion that even if the respondent had participated in landing and transportation of contraband, he had no knowledge about the nature of those articles.
Thus, he (A-21) was charged under and (4) TADA.
Though Rule 112(2) of the Income Tax Rules which specifically prescribed the necessity of recording of reasons before issuing a warrant of authorization had been repealed on and from 1st October, 1975 the reasons for the belief found should be recorded.
There is no law which provides for 'conferral of title' as such on a person who has been in adverse possession for whatever length of time.
The ICTCs have been established at medical colleges, district hospitals, sub - district level hospitals and few community health centres.
The object of this provision was to guarantee protection to those citizens who had suffered historical disadvantage, whether it be of a political, social, or economic nature.
Both the jurisdictions will have to be extinguished by appropriate amendment.
Accordingly, at the request of the respondent, we kept the present appeal pending.
Accordingly, at the request of the respondent, we kept the present appeal pending.
The Institute is looked upon a nodal centre in view of its multifarious activities offered to suit various needs of instrument industry.
My visit reflects India’s deep interest in strengthening our partnership with Belarus.
Appellant-landlord pleaded that none of the Manilal’s sons were doing business of hair cutting alongwith the defendant Manilal and under Section 5(11)(c) of the Bombay Rent Control Act, the defendant Nos.1/2 and 1/3 are not entitled to continue in tenancy after the death of deceased-tenant Manilal.
It is by exercise of statutory power that rights of lessee were purchased by Central Government.
It is by exercise of statutory power that rights of lessee were purchased by Central Government.
I find that the noting of the officer of the MCD on the letter dated 5th of June, 2006 clearly states that the bill duly approved is pending for payment.
At the same time the concept of judicial accountability, which has been implicitly recognized in the pronouncements of our Supreme Court has also to be kept in view.
It is clear, therefore, that the reliance by this Court in the Shree Sidhbali Steels Ltd. case upon the aforesaid judgment when it comes to non application of the principle of promissory estoppel to exemptions granted under statute would be wholly inappropriate.
Then we come to the Ministers.
So far as it satisfies the essentials of a complete chain duly supported by appropriate evidence.
They were also likely to deprave, corrupt or injure the public morality or morals.
No.KA-02/HG-4917 which was proceeding from behind his vehicle and touched the front door of the Innova Car.
The case of the appellant is that as on 2/9/1997, when the offence was committed, he was 17 years and 4 months’ old.
It is to be noted that all the accused persons are nomadic tribes coming from the lower strata of the society and are very poor labourers.
Per contra, learned senior counsel for the respondent-Company strenuously submitted that the application filed by the appellant-Company is misconceived, not maintainable and the relief sought is vague.
So is the case, where the absence of a defendant is caused on account of a mistake of the Court.
The harmful use of alcohol can have serious social and economic consequences for individuals, families and society as a whole.
See “bid rigging .
Strangely, the Statement of Objects and Reasons completely overlooked the fact that there already was ‘equal participation of the judiciary and the executive in the appointment of judges to the superior judiciary.
The words 'tried' and 'trial' appear to have no fixed or universal meaning.
The onward promotion from the post of Data Entry Operator Grade 'A' was to the post of Data Entry Operator Grade 'B'.
It empowers the Court to order the person who has caused for a police officer to make such arrest to pay compensation to the person wrongfully arrested without any “sufficient ground .
Hecalled upon teachers and all students present there to work towards and strive for democratisation of quality education.
Quantum of exemption from tax was to be equal to the capital investment in the fixed assets and the duration or period was 11 years from the date of commencement of commercial production or the date on which quantum of exempted tax reached the limit equivalent to the value of capital investment in the fixed assets.
Quantum of exemption from tax was to be equal to the capital investment in the fixed assets and the duration or period was 11 years from the date of commencement of commercial production or the date on which quantum of exempted tax reached the limit equivalent to the value of capital investment in the fixed assets.
We were also told that huge profits were made by the service providers, and that the amount they would have to pay would not even be a flea bite compared to the profits they make, viewed in the background that they are not pouring in enough funds for infrastructure development.
It is further important to note that most of the times nine judge bench decisions have led to change in law by legislative measure like Madhav Rao Scindia[14], R.C. Cooper[15]etc.
Eggs, milk or another nutritional substitute should be made available preferably five days in a week or at least three days in a week.
In Section 9, a further sub-clause (5) can be added to the following effect: (5) The Central Government shall prescribe and publish guidelines about the adequate procedures, which can be put in place by commercial organisations to prevent persons associated with them from bribing any person, being or expecting to be, a public servant.
The competent authority may refuse sanction for prosecution if the offence alleged has no material to support or it is frivolous or intended to harass the honest officer.
The competent authority may refuse sanction for prosecution if the offence alleged has no material to support or it is frivolous or intended to harass the honest officer.
In Krafters Engineers's case (supra) the ratio of the decision in G.C. Roy's case (supra) was identified to mean that if the agreement between the parties does not prohibit grant of interest and the claim of a party to interest is referred to the arbitrator, the arbitrator would have the power to award the interest.
These units are under a handicap in obtaining raw materials of requisite quality at reasonable prices.
In Naviera Amazonica Peruana SA v. Compania Internacional De Seguros Del Peru[16], the Court of Appeal in England considered an agreement which contained a clause providing for the jurisdiction of the courts in Lima, Peru in the event [pic]of judicial dispute and at the same time contained a clause providing that the arbitration would be governed by the English law and the procedural law of arbitration shall be the English law.
The respondent has himself filed 27 cases in court and made 62 representations.
The provisions of the West Bengal Land Reforms Act were extended to the transferred Territories by issuing a Notification under Sec 3(3) of the West Bengal Transferred Territories (Assimilation of Laws) Act, 1958.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi said that the photo essay was important from the historical prospective.
It does nto matter whether the latter person does so fraudulently or otherwise.
Ten faculty members from Myanmar were trained in IT skills at C - DAC, Pune.
No case notes of the patient in the case sheet and no treatment.
As per the appellants, all the statutory notices had been sent at the correct address of the respondent and necessary procedure for fixation of compensation had been followed by them.
In the light of a volatile Political system prevailing today, it is pertinent to recognize the crucial role played by the Governors in the working of the democratic framework.
This industry covers a wide range of instruments and systems required for monitoring and measuring of physical, chemical and biological properties.
If a drug product is not bio-available, it cannot be regarded as effective.
After hearing the objector(s) and making such further inquiry, as he may think necessary, the Collector has to make a report in respect of land notified under with his recommendations on the objections and forward the same to the Government along with the record of the proceedings held by him.
Charge No.7, is in respect of not attending the Management council meeting.
We would therefore understand the above position as covering the period from 1993 till date.
There exists innumerable opportunities in the various segments of aromatic, medicinal and herbal plantations.
The NEAA Report went against the industry.
The reports and investigations, tests and studies (ITS reports) are contained in 50 CDs and 4 DVDs.
Income tax is a tax paid to the central government on personal income.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has condoled the loss of lives due toheavy rains and lightning in different parts of Andhra Pradesh.
It was therefore requested from him that he being the ICC Chairman could a letter be issued clarifying the position which he had taken as BCCI President.
The petitioner has explained his desire of acquiring a property in Delhi.
The High Court further held that the appellant-husband and the respondent-wife did not live together for a long time and, therefore, the question of their treating each other with cruelty does not arise.
But then it cannot be said, that is not a document.
In the above view of the matter, in the peculiar facts of this case, it is not possible for us to hold, that any doubt can be said to have been created in the version of the prosecution, merely on account of delay in the registration of the first information report.
That apart, even it be so, as contended by the appellants, the appellants have not reccalled the permanent Secondment order.
That apart, even it be so, as contended by the appellants, the appellants have not reccalled the permanent Secondment order.
We have done bad only.
By reason of this finding, the order of the Tribunal was set aside, and the matter was remanded for a hearing on all points other than the point of limitation.
It is also argued that mandatory nature of violates as well.
That is how the present appeals were filed.
No material in that behalf is produced on record.
These cases were considered by a three-Judge Bench of this Court in and the rule laid down in Nazir Ahmad case was again upheld.
In between the learned Single Judge’s judgment and the Division Bench judgment dismissing the Writ Appeal, the appellant sent a legal notice dated 14.01.2000 in which the appellant made it clear that he had completed the work to the extent of Rs.1,25,00,000/- in spite of delay in approving the pre-level work and fitness of the plant.
Deprivation of the use of such money would, therefore, sound in equity.
As already mentioned in the foregoing paragraphs, it may be emphasized at the cost of sounding repetitive that without arriving at some such definition, it is difficult to suggest any appropriate method for planning and computing additional resources required to contain the delay.
Blood pressure is the force exerted by circulating blood on the walls of blood vessels.
The non-obstante clause in is designed for a different purpose: to ensure that the NCLT alone has jurisdiction when it comes to applications and proceedings by or against a corporate debtor covered by the Code, making it clear that no other forum has jurisdiction to entertain or dispose of such applications or proceedings.
This application has been filed by the DTC praying for modification / clarification of the order dated 16th August, 2005 passed by this court.
I, para 89, it is stated that the purpose of an order of mandamus “is to remedy defects of justice; and accordingly it will issue, to the end that justice may be done, in all cases where there is a specific legal right and no specific legal remedy for enforcing that right; and it may issue in cases where, although there is an alternative legal remedy, yet that mode of redress is less convenient, beneficial and effectual.
It should be truthful and voluntary.
The crime speaks of depravity, degradation and uncommonality.
Every such notification shall specify the limits of the area which is to be so declared and shall also call for objection, if any, from interested persons.
The second batch laid an assault to the Notifications published under the Act in their entirety.
The facts and circumstances of each case would determine the actual component of deduction, for each of the two components.
After so stating, the Court referred to Swamy Shraddananda (2) (supra) and State of Uttar Pradesh.
The payment of rehabilitation grant which is provided by sub 8(5) to a small landowner strengthens the reasoning in favour of vesting being automatic and immediate under sub S(1).
Application seeking permission documents on record is allowed.
While passing by the front of the house of appellant, they noticed that the lantern inside was lit but the door was open.
Process in manufacture or in relation to manufacture implies not only the production but the various stages through which the raw material is subjected to change by different operations.
In its judgment and decree dated 13.04.1984, the Trial Court declined the relief of specific performance but decreed the suit for the alternative relief of money recovery.
The Collective bargaining principle laid down by the US Supreme Court in Nolde Bros. case (supra) would not apply to the facts of the present case.
The assistance of learned Attorney General was also sought keeping in view the gravity of the issue involved.
In the instant case it cannot be said that the second suit for partition was in respect of the same cause of action as that on which the previous suit was based.
It is crystal clear that vesting of the land is not confined to the land held under the tenancy right.
Six months thereafter, he received a call from the deceased stating that she was trapped; that the appellant was not a good man and that he used to abuse and thrash her on trivial matters.
On 13.01.2010 the procurer sent a letter to the appellant, returning the amount of Rs. 25 crores and calling upon it to withdraw the termination notice.
Before we keenly scrutinize the document, we think it necessary to refer to certain authorities in the field that have dealt with the concept of oral gift in Muhammadan Law.
Before we keenly scrutinize the document, we think it necessary to refer to certain authorities in the field that have dealt with the concept of oral gift in Muhammadan Law.
As to the allegation of HSBC account holders investigation, it was pointed out that Mr. Chowdary had monitored investigation in 445 cases of HSBC foreign accounts and the best results were achieved in Delhi cases as compared to other Directorates.
A conjoint reading of the various provisions of the 1995 Act and the 1995 Rules shows that the transfer of land under sub- section (1) of is not only subject to the directions which may be given by the State Government under the 1995 Act but also the conditions which may be prescribed with regard to completion of building of part thereof and with regard to extension of period for such completion and payment of fee for such extension.
In order that a contract that is altered in material particulars fall under , it must be clear that the alteration must go to the very root of the original contract and change its essential character, so that the modified contract must be read as doing away with the original contract.
An order dated 20.05.2008 was passed awarding dismissal from service to the respondent.
In such a situation where the rights of genuine members of reserved groups or communities are liable to be affected detrimentally, government circulars or resolutions cannot operate to their detriment.
We are currently debating and grappling with several issues related to juvenile justice including the question of age and treatment of juveniles who may have the mental capacity to judge their actions.
The Corporate Website of C - DAC (http: / / www. cdac. in) has been reviewed in the 'Organizations' category and chosen to bear the 2003 - 2004 Golden Web Award presented by I. A. W. M. D. (International Association of Web Masters and Designers).
She complained to me only after about a year and she had told me that they wanted to build a joint house and asked her to bring money for that purpose.
Nonetheless it remains a public company and merely because its shares are not listed in any recognized stock exchange does not mean that there is any restriction on their transfer.
The above writ petition, it was submitted, was dismissed by the High Court on 12.1.2016, and a Petition for Special Leave to Appeal assailing the same, was dismissed by this Court.
They are irregularly scattered in the Arabian Sea and lie about 220 to 440 kms from the coastal city of Kochi in Kerala.
A .38 bore revolver, 2 empty cartridges and 3 live cartridges were recovered as per the statement from an iron box from the store of his house.
A5, it can be seen that the title of Sankara Kuruppu and his son Viswanadha Kuruppu over the property and building was admitted by Kumara Kuruppu and he filed O.A. No.3233/75 for getting assignment of the property in his favour from the Land Tribunal.
Knowledge of product: - He should be able to convince customers about the features and utility of the product by removing their doubts and objections.
I understand that decisions taken during this visit are now being implemented in various sectors to further enhance and enrich our bilateral cooperation.
The issues raised herein on behalf of the Union of India had not been raised before the High Court.
The appellant, who is a builder, instituted a suit for specific performance of a development agreement, against the respondents, who are owners of the premises.
It provides that a person shall be disqualified for being chosen as, and for being, a member of either House of Parliament if he holds any office of profit under the Government of India or the Government of any State, other than an office declared by Parliament by law not to disqualify its holder; if he is of unsound mind and stands so declared by a competent court; if he is an undischarged insolvent; if he is not a citizen of India, or has voluntarily acquired the citizenship of a foreign State, or is under any acknowledgement of allegiance or adherence to a foreign State; and if he is so disqualified by or under any law made by Parliament.
In absence of any re-examination, since the chief- examination and cross-examination of P.W.3 on the vital point cannot stand together, the prosecution case at the threshold is shrouded in mystery, the benefit of which would enure in favour of the appellant.
It simply had to take their reports into consideration, which it did.
D.3 Problems of the Scheduled Castes/Tribes, Women, Children and Weaker Sections of Society, problems of rural poverty, exploitation and injustice. D.4 Awareness of legislative developments.
A Special Appeal was dismissed by a Division Bench on 23 September 2014 on the ground of delay.
As pointed out earlier, they should be, at the entry level, Civil Judge (Junior Division) and Judicial Magis- trate First Class.
This Convocation marks the end of one phase of your life but, more importantly, the beginning of another wherein you will not only define yourselves in your quest for professional excellence but will also carry along the hopes, aspirations and dreams of resurgent India.
Therefore, even at the time of investing into those shares, the assessee knows that it may generate dividend income as well and as and when such dividend income is generated that would be earned by the assessee.
An act for the improvement of Urban Areas in Rajasthan.
Again Dr. Jalees was talking about the communal riots held in Bombay while he was in Dausa and instigated my feelings.
It is strictly within the domain of the executive.
There were some disputes with regard to possession of farm houses, courtyards and right to graze cattle in commom pastures.
Such power ought to be exercised only where “silence is no longer an option.
The Investigation Officer Santosh Singh Gaur, who conducted part of investigation did not testify in the trial.
Vague laws may trap the innocent by not providing fair warning.
We are in the present appeals not concerned with the fate of the said proceedings which appear to be lingering on even at present.
The contour of the approach to be adopted by the Court has been delineated in series of decisions.
On happening of any loss or damage, the insured shall give notice to the company within 48 hours (directly or through the financing bank or through the participating organization) and subsequently shall submit a claim in writing within 15 days after loss or damage.
Madria Chemicals Ltd. Etc.
In order to meet international quality standards, it is exhibiting new business models from time to time as well as spending more efforts and funds in training of its employees.
Had that been the intention, the proviso would have been worded differently.
He was addressing a group of grassroot innovators, writers and artists ‘In-Residence’ who are staying in Rashtrapati Bhavan for a two week ‘In Residence’ Programme.
In his message the President has said 'May the Almighty bless you with happiness, good health and many more years of continued dedicated service to our country.
In his message the President has said 'May the Almighty bless you with happiness, good health and many more years of continued dedicated service to our country.
We are making these remarks for the reason that some of the reliefs claimed in the suit appeared to be falling within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Tribunal whereas for other reliefs the civil court would be competent.
We are making these remarks for the reason that some of the reliefs claimed in the suit appeared to be falling within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Tribunal whereas for other reliefs the civil court would be competent.
The scheme of the Constitution must hence be understood having regard to its history, text and context.
While Shri Nariman put it on the ground of inappropriateness, Shri Santosh Paul invoked the principle of bias, on the ground of him having conflicting interests - one in his capacity as member of the Collegium and the other in his capacity as a Judge to examine the constitutional validity of the provisions which seek to displace the Collegium system.
So far as the second condition, 'the product should be suitable for use as a good under these headings (33 03 to 33 07)' is also satisfied.
Therefore, our discussion in the instant appeals shall confine to the alleged role and culpability of only the two appellants before us.
Therefore, our discussion in the instant appeals shall confine to the alleged role and culpability of only the two appellants before us.
They also examined three witnesses in defence.
Some of the clubs/associations, if not all are the founding members of BCCI.
The Chief Minister as the head of the Government is in ultimate charge of the administration and it is he who is politically answerable to the people for the achievements and failures of the Government.
The emphasis is on the common object and not on common intention.
We do not find that the the two marks are deceptively similar.
This land belongs to Gram Panchayat.
As such, there was no way for any person, residing in West Bengal and claiming to have any interest in the estate of the deceased, where letters of administration is now sought in respect of the West Bengal property, to be aware of the proposed grant, unless a fresh citation was issued.
However, the respondent-owners have been using the area much more in excess of the said permitted area by using the mezzanine floor of the building also.
However, the respondent-owners have been using the area much more in excess of the said permitted area by using the mezzanine floor of the building also.
It has also become an important tool of identification now - a - days.
Moreover, the appellant in the letters dated 13.6.2014,16.6.2014 and 17.6.2014, clarified that Commitment Fee is only on the unused credit line and that there shall be no Commitment Fee if the loan amount is fully utilized as per the Drawdown Schedule.
That, the present Petition has been filed to effectuate the said illegal object of securing the said fixed rate of return for FMO.
It is worth repeating that the power of taxation is an inherent attribute of sovereignty emanating from necessity.
This judgment only decided that a difference between two Judges of the Punjab and Haryana High Court would have to be decided in accordance with the provisions of Section 98(2) of the Code of Civil Procedure because Section 98(3) of the Code of Civil Procedure would not apply, as the Punjab High Court is not governed by the Letters Patent.
The map indicates the individual plot numbers and the boundaries on all sides.
We bestow our anxious consideration to the rival submissions made by learned counsel appearing for the parties and find substance in the submission made by learned counsel appearing for the appellant.
Having regard to the provisions of Ss.
It is this notion that, in international law, gave rise to the principle of “State responsibility  for pollution emanating within one’s own territories (Corfu Channel case).
There is a constant erosion of the basic human values of tolerance and the spirit of “live and let live .
To each of these three branches, there is a corresponding identifiable function of government, legislative, executive, or judicial.
To each of these three branches, there is a corresponding identifiable function of government, legislative, executive, or judicial.
Case No.427 of 2009 before the High Court.
Corporate governance has several claimants –shareholders and other stakeholders - which include suppliers, customers, creditors, and the bankers, the employees of the company, the government and the society at large.
Apart from this, Tea Board has a library having books concerning Tea and other tea related subjects for use by its employees and other Research workers on tea.
A single or divorced person can also adopt, subject to fulfilment of the criteria and in accordance with the provisions of adoption regulations framed by the Authority.
It was, therefore, necessary on the part of the Registrar to have returned a finding that he was prima facie satisfied that an inspection was necessary.
It is set forth in the writ petition that India, which is a vast country having large population, has few millions of illiterate adults and certain States, as per the 2011 Census, have more illiterates.
This account of the Authority shall be applied for the purpose of meeting all its expenditure.
The lodgement of the FIR led to conducting of raids at various places and, eventually, it was found that the petitioner, a public servant, had acquired assets worth Rs.33.44 lakhs which were in excess of his known sources of income.
Naushad used to visit my house prior to one and a half years, and sometimes he used to stay at night in my house.
The submission was raised on behalf of the appellant that Order 21 of the CPC provides more safeguards under different rules, which are referred to above, to a judgment debtor to raise various kinds of objections to file suits and has a right to object also at various stages.
WSPA believes that the world should look to the success of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) to set out what UDAW can achieve for animals.
WSPA believes that the world should look to the success of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) to set out what UDAW can achieve for animals.
According to him, A2-Keshav was stoking the fire.
The contention thus advanced, is that the scheme of the Act looks to the appellate authority as a body which is supervising the Commission, and is chaired by a person who is, or has been the Chief Justice of the High Court or a Judge of the Supreme Court.
The Court has either to adjourn the hearing of the appeal or it should consider the appeal on merits and pass final orders.
The Court has either to adjourn the hearing of the appeal or it should consider the appeal on merits and pass final orders.
The preliminary steps like pumping brine and filling the salt pans form integral part of the manufacturing process even though the change in the raw material commences only when evaporation takes place.
Learned counsel for these States also handed over some documents during the course of their submissions.
For all these reasons, the prosecution failed to prove its case beyond reasonable doubt.
It is not enough to allege fraud but there must be clear evidence both as to the fact of fraud as well as to the bank's knowledge of such fraud.
Arrests of the accused in Crime No.539/2013 were made on 7.7.2013 itself.
Asthma also has been linked to other factors related to the mother, such as young maternal age, poor maternal nutrition and lack of breastfeeding.
No additional tax would have been leviable on the cash compensatory support if the , 1990 had not so provided even though retrospectively.
In any case, the dismissal would remain a dismissal by a non-speaking order where no reasons have been assigned and no law has been declared by the Supreme Court.
In any case, the dismissal would remain a dismissal by a non-speaking order where no reasons have been assigned and no law has been declared by the Supreme Court.
Referring to the facts of the case, learned counsel for the Appellant submitted that he produced the certificate issued in the year 2010 inadvertently.
It was submitted, that the aforesaid judgment pertained to violations of building norms, and the Court considered it inappropriate, to provide relief to the persons who had purchased flats, despite their vehement contention, that they were not guilty of violating the building regulations (as the builders who had sold the flats to them, had raised constructions in violation of the building norms).
Mahavir, Const.
Where the corporate veil is to be lifted, the regulation itself specifically so states.
She will look after Department of Banking Supervision, Department of Co - operative Banking Supervision and Department of Non - Banking Supervision.
They operate in different and distinct fields.
As a consequence, the impugned judgments/orders are set aside and that of the Single Judge restored.
As a consequence, the impugned judgments/orders are set aside and that of the Single Judge restored.
The High Court has noticed that the University was created under the statute “to provide, among other things, for rendering instruction and training to their students of the affiliated colleges in such branches of learning as it may determine; to provide for research and for the dissemination of knowledge; to institute degrees, titles, diplomas and other academic distinctions on persons who have pursued an approved course of study in a university college or laboratory and have passed the prescribed examination of the university  in the light of the afore- mentioned judgment pronounced by this Court.
He left Mumbai on 26/5/2012 for Ajmer.
The short question before us is whether the High Court was right in reversing the concurrent factual findings of the Trial Court and of the Appellate court in exercise of its revisional jurisdiction.
Parties never entertained any intention to rear children and on three occasions the pregnancy was terminated.
Parties never entertained any intention to rear children and on three occasions the pregnancy was terminated.
The muga silk, known for its fine shine and golden colour is used by the local silk weaving industry and this has contributed to the development of the muga culture in the State.
Therefore, though the trial Court used the expression sympathetically, still the discretion for enlargement of time is exercised by referring to hard and undisputed circumstances of the case on hand.
Likewise, the Seventh Schedule mentions those circumstances which would attract the provisions of sub- section (5) of and nullify any prior agreement to the contrary.
That requirement of was clearly fulfilled in the facts and circumstances of the present case.
However, when the eye- witness account is totally inconsistent with the medical evidence and there is reason to believe that improvements are made in the court to bring the prosecution case in conformity with the post-mortem notes, it is a cause for concern.
However, especially where a power vested in the executive is exercised in secret, the risks of arbitrariness are evident.
To the contrary her conduct towards plaintiff-respondent and his family members was full of cruelty.
Every application for registration shall be in such manner and on payment of such fees as may be determined by regulations.
In the secluded and enclosed area, all forms of animal abuse.
On the order being challenged by the prosecution, the Division Bench, by impugned order, referred the case of (2007)1 SCC 1 and held that the same ratio was applicable as the appellant had not executed the exchange deed in the capacity of Collector but in the capacity of Chairman, Town Improvement Trust, Ratlam.
The lease in respect of property in question was initially for a period of 20 years i.e., w.e.f.
Empirical studies show that mother infant “bonding  begins at the child's birth and that infants as young as two months old frequently show signs of distress when the mother is replaced by a substitute caregiver.
On that finding, the Division Bench rejected the plea of the debtor and the Bank that without a pre deposit of the awarded amount as required under Rule 38 and that too within the time prescribed under the said Rule, the Appropriate Authority could not have set aside the sale.
The department is responsible for formulating the developmental policies; granting licenses for various telecom services; promoting standardization, research and development as well as private investment in the sector.
Here also, special leave petition was dismissed in limine and without any speaking order.
Lesser marks given to the respondent were because of the reason that marks awarded to him out of 93 were lesser than Mr. Sanjeev Chopra.
Otherwise, merely on surmises the court should not castigate the prosecution for not examining other persons of the locality as prosecution witnesses.
It is based on equity.
On 24.12.2010, Respondent No. 1 recalled the files from the President.
Right to , 2005, , 2003, etc. to point out that in all the aforesaid statutes it has been provided that in case there is no LOP available, it is the Leader of the Party in Opposition to the Government, which has the greatest strength of Members, who is deemed to be the Leader of the Opposition.
Withdrawal of cheque book facility (if issued).
The Court further found that in the absence of relevant data before the High Courts, the issue whether the levies were compensatory could not have been considered and accordingly referred the matter back to the High Courts to decide the said aspect.
CrPC imposed restrictions on powers of remission or commutation in certain cases.
If both the conditions exist, then anything said or done can be used as a relevant fact against one another, to prove the existence of conspiracy and that the person was a part to it.
If both the conditions exist, then anything said or done can be used as a relevant fact against one another, to prove the existence of conspiracy and that the person was a part to it.
Aggrieved by the judgment of the Division Bench, the Union of India has preferred these appeals.
This is the core test that has to be applied before summoning the accused.
On January 24, 1997 he left for his dispensary from his home at 9.45 a.m. by a Maruti car which did not have a registration number.
I once again wish all of you on this pleasant occasion.
Other mechanisms 8.7.6 Apart from the above mechanisms, at present a large number of complaints are being filed by dissatisfied policyholders under the Consumer Protection Act, 1986 alleging deficiency of service when either a claim is not settled or only partially settled.
When I was coming after running a VCR on the way, I was taken to house of a Pathani lady whose name is Joulie.
Before examining the evidence on record, it is necessary to mention that both the Trial Court as well as the High Court have concurrently found that the appellants had demanded dowry from Asha Devi and that she had been set on fire for not having complied with the demands for dowry.
Before examining the evidence on record, it is necessary to mention that both the Trial Court as well as the High Court have concurrently found that the appellants had demanded dowry from Asha Devi and that she had been set on fire for not having complied with the demands for dowry.
It must comply with the equality clause while granting the exclusive right or privilege of manufacturing or selling liquor.
Sir John Beaumont who spoke for the Board, observed that “a confession of a co-accused is obviously evidence of a very weak type.
As there was no challenge on this aspect by the accused before the courts below, that plea for the first time cannot be permitted to be raised in this Court.
I congratulate all the award winners and wish them the very best in their future endeavours.
The court could not add words to a statute or read words into it which are not there, especially when the literal reading produces an intelligible result.
The court could not add words to a statute or read words into it which are not there, especially when the literal reading produces an intelligible result.
Electronic transaction of securities eliminates the problems and delays arising out of paper based system.
The word is not one of precise import and has not been used in different provisions of the Constitution to convey the same meaning.
Though the literal rule of interpretation, till some time ago, was treated as the “golden rule , it is now the doctrine of purposive interpretation which is predominant, particularly in those cases where literal interpretation may not serve the purpose or may lead to absurdity.
The decision of this Court in Jarnail dealt with the competence of Parliament to enact a law in relation to the creamy layer and did not lay down a general proposition on its exclusion.
The result of the above survey confirms that the samples of milk were diluted with water or found to have been adulterated with chemicals.
The Central Government announced a package of Speech300 crore for relief and rehabilitation efforts.
Financial concerns of the Union Government may be implicated in such a manner that it becomes necessary for the Lieutenant Governor to invoke the proviso where a difference of opinion remains unresolved.
Financial concerns of the Union Government may be implicated in such a manner that it becomes necessary for the Lieutenant Governor to invoke the proviso where a difference of opinion remains unresolved.
It was concluded, that the Parliament was competent to enact a law, transferring the jurisdiction exercised by High Courts, in regard to any specified subject, to any court/tribunal.
It was contended, that the term “determination  had been deployed for situations where the lease period could be brought to an end, on account of a default having been committed by a leaseholder.
The instant reference by the Appellate Tribunal, could be made after the Appellate Tribunal had arrived at the conclusion, that the question of law arising for adjudication in an appeal pending before it, was differently interpreted by two or more jurisdictional High Courts.
Explanation.—For the purposes of this clause, the expressions 'assessable', 'fair market value', 'jewellery', 'property', 'relative' and 'stamp duty value' shall have the same meanings as respectively assigned to them in the Explanation to clause (vii).
This is based on the principle that it is only when all efforts to do so fail, the court ought to declare a statute to be unconstitutional.
This is based on the principle that it is only when all efforts to do so fail, the court ought to declare a statute to be unconstitutional.
The Chief Economic Advisor post is generally held by an accomplished economist.
At that time Manickam A-3 and A-9 had asked him not to disclose it to anybody.
Chief Justice Chandurkar of the Madras High Court was of the opinion that every person appointed to the service shall be required to undergo a training for one year at the end of which he must clear a departmental examination.
The Chairman, Industrial Finance Corporation of India (IFCI) formed a committee of experts to assist him in deciding various questions.
A details map of this area is enclosed as Annexure to this order.
A details map of this area is enclosed as Annexure to this order.
Although India is not bound by the aforementioned Convention and as such it may not be necessary like the countries forming European countries to bring common law into land with the Convention, a balancing of the accused’s rights and the interest of the society is required to be taken into consideration.
As per his evidence, during the marriage of Asha, Govardhandas decided to adopt the appellant and the ceremony was held on 08.07.1973, one day before the marriage.
This submission was considered by the High Court but rejected, not on the ground that the petitioner had not applied for ‘default bail’ but on the ground that he could be detained for 90 days without a charge sheet being filed and that period of 90 days had not yet come to an end.
It is also submitted that in the absence of any specific material the apportionment of compensation, as determined by the High Court, ought not to be disturbed.
It is an admitted fact that pursuant to the proposals, the was passed by the Parliament wherein for the goods specified under Tariff Sub-Heading 2208.10, particular tariff was specified.
Based on the above provision, it was the submission of learned senior counsel, that the wrong, if any, caused to the contesting respondents could have been set right only under Section 18 of the RDB Act.
According to the learned counsel, what was appreciated by the High Court and missed by the ITAT was the fact that only two parcels of land, admeasuring 7.7 acres, were conveyed, for which capital gains tax has been paid.
But, no such provision has expressly been enacted under ‘the SEBI Act’.
World-class education is feasible only with world-class faculty.
Interestingly, the NJAC ‘shall not recommend a person for appointment if any two members of the Commission do not agree for such recommendation’ (Section 5 of the NJAC Act).
In his report given to this Court, the District and Sessions Judge concluded that there was no encounter and that the two deceased were shot dead by the police while in custody.
Because of the involvement of biometrics, it is almost impossible for one person to obtain two Aadhaar numbers.
Otherwise, the word 'any Court' used in would become redundant.
However, the High Court took the view that the attack on is foreclosed by Common Cause.
That too was dismissed.
Substantial number of population is still below poverty level.
Book fairs such as NDWBF should remind us that our history and traditions have always celebrated the ‘argumentative’ Indian and not the ‘intolerant’ Indian.
It was held, that all organs of the State were committed to the directive principles of the State policy.
In the first part of the confessional statement of the respondent as his particulars have been described and further stated that he was giving his confession of his own accord.
With respect to the audit, the accounts for three years have not been made available to statutory Auditor as pointed out by Mr. Anil Mittal of Anil Ajay & Co., appointed by this Court.
Rules 8-D and 19-B empower the State Government or its officers or a State Government company or corporation as the State Government may direct to control the sale by every permit-holder of quarried granite or other rock suitable for ornamental or decorative purposes.
Talking, discussing, deliberating and provoking a discussion, helped us in under- standing the existing infirmities.
The notification authorising the Special Judge to dispose of cases under the , 1999 and thereby effectively transferring the petitioners’ case pending before the Magistrate to the Special Judge is said to be unlawful since the transfer is to a court that has no jurisdiction to try the offence.
He submitted that there was violation of principle of natural justice in the proceeding as have found by courts below.
From the point of view of the insurers, that an insurance policy is essentially a contract governed by the mandatory principle of true and full disclosure by the parties to the contract of all material facts affecting the contract, cannot be overemphasised.
Arrangements have to be made for transportation of injured person/persons to the Hospital after providing First Aid.
In this sadhana, a Yogi considers his duty as divine action, perform it with whole - hearted dedication but shuns away all desires.
There can be no doubt, that the principle of ‘equal pay for equal work’ would be applicable to all the concerned temporary employees, so as to vest in them the right to claim wages, at par with the minimum of the pay-scale of regularly engaged Government employees, holding the same post.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee received Garwood Award for ‘Outstanding Global Leader in Open Innovation’ from UC Berkeley-Haas School of Business today (December 17, 2015) at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
So far, China topped the list of most number of fatal road accidents and India finished a close second.
The High Court has enhanced the compensation awarded by the Tribunal from Rs.3,55,500/- to Rs.4,94,700/-.
That however is the position with reference to four of us (on the instant five-Judge Bench).
A great deal has changed in India, and indeed around the world, since December 1967, so much so that a fresh look at the issue in the contemporary context has become desirable.
He submits that neither the appellate authority nor the revisional authority considered the case of the petitioner in proper perspective.
There was a big hole on the 2nd floor wall of the building.
The legality, proprietary or correctness of an order passed by a court is the very foundation of exercise of jurisdiction under Section 397 but ultimately it also requires justice to be done.
You, as conscientious industry heads, would do well to build this emerging gospel of doing business into your corporate blueprint.
Water used for washing purposes should be brought to the point of boiling, and then let it be cooled.
It is trite that contract of personal service cannot be enforced.
Rule of law envisages that all men are equal before law.
As pointed by us, in certain cases, the interest of the next of kin may not be the same as the interest of the victim.
It is also the first rough sketch submitted by the Court Commissioner.
On the other hand, on behalf of the respondent, it is pointed out that with the amendment made in the , 1957, in the year 2012, the producer of sound recording has an independent copyright of his work.
One can have encounters with several species including Spotted Deer, Black Naped Hare, Barking Deer, Porcupine, Palm Civet, Mouse Deer, Rhesus Macaque, Bonnet Macaque, Hanuman Langur, Indian Flying Fox, and Sambhar.
Besides that, the importance of rehabilitation is also stressed demanding necessary assistance in the form of education, employment or shelter to be given to the child.
Mr. K.V. Viswanathan, learned Senior Counsel, appearing on behalf of the appellant before us, has argued that both the original as well as the review order impact his clients in that the judgment of the learned Single Judge, which is a detailed and comprehensive judgment dealing with all the law points at hand has been brushed aside, and the result is that any de novo proceeding under the , 2009, which has since replaced the two Acts of 1976 and 1985, would transgress the rights of the appellant's clients as this has to be gone into de novo.
It is worth noticing that the accused Kapildeo Chaudhry died during the pendency of the appeals.
Sans flagrant violation of the constitutional provisions, the law made by Parliament or a State Legislature is not declared bad.
However the same will never change character of act committed by him.
Liquor shops, the Project Director notes, are owned by influential people making the removal of unauthorised encroachment impossible without the support of the district administration.
Having said this, it must necessarily follow that the appellant/plaintiff cannot be permitted to take the relief claimed in the suit any further sans proof of execution of suit agreements in respect of which the relief of specific performance is sought.
In case of fire insurance, insurable interest must be present both at the time of insurance and at the time of loss.
It has been reported by party functionaries and workers of your constituency and the Block/District Congress Committee that you are indulging in various activities which amounts to breach of discipline of the Party under Claus 4(a), (b) and (c) of the Constitution of Indian National Congress.
Thus, the findings recorded by the Designated Court on this issue, do not require any interference.
In the impugned communication, there is no opinion much less any positive finding given by the Hearing Committee or the competent authority that the explanation offered by the petitioners for the deficiencies noticed during the inspection on 26/27.10.2016 was not plausible as it was done just prior to Diwali.
That in our view is sufficient to infer that the parties agreed to exclude Part-I.
That in our view is sufficient to infer that the parties agreed to exclude Part-I.
In this sense, it may comprehend virtue ethics and virtue jurisprudence in relation to justice as all these are attributes of natural justice.
In this sense, it may comprehend virtue ethics and virtue jurisprudence in relation to justice as all these are attributes of natural justice.
Protecting the interests of consumers has been one of the major concerns of the Government.
Resultantly the idyllic situation that we perceive is as distant as ever.
The environmental regulatory requirements envisage a wide legislative framework covering every aspect of environment protection.
This Act is similar to the English statute 16 and 17 Vict. Ch.
Explosives storage premises.
Therefore, the question that what should be the extent of damages was specifically before this Court.
Shri Charan Singh was born in 1902 at Noorpur in Meerut district of Uttar Pradesh, in a middle class peasant family.
Animal has also honour and dignity which cannot be arbitrarily deprived of and its rights and privacy have to be respected and protected from unlawful attacks.
Animal has also honour and dignity which cannot be arbitrarily deprived of and its rights and privacy have to be respected and protected from unlawful attacks.
While discussion on the budget as such was not allowed, this was sometimes sought to be made possible by linking the budget with some proposal for taxation.
Welcoming the Sri Lankan President to India, the President said India believes its growth is linked to the prosperity of its neighbourhood.
Step 6 - Mother liquor (the liquid filtrate of step 5) is evaporated to dryness.
Aggrieved by the decision of the DDA, the original lessee filed original suit for perpetual injunction bearing no. 47 of 1975 before the Sub-Judge, Delhi seeking restraining order against the DDA.
Section 139AA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 was also prayed to be declared as violative of Articles 14, 19 and 21 of the Constitution.
We have already held that sale or assignment of the secured assets could only be undertaken if actual physical possession has been taken over by the bank/FI’s.
On 15 June 2012, the ACC approved the appointment of the third respondent as Army Commander.
It is evident that all concerned erroneously assumed that O.S.5/78 had also been carried in Appeal.
Mr. Rishi Malhotra, learned Advocate appearing for the appellants, submitted that the appellants had been falsely implicated to grab the property of the deceased.
As the circumstances would graphically depict, he would remain a menace to society, for a defenceless child has become his prey.
When he went to police station, only one police officer by name Mr. Nagare was present there.
Thus, there are two important facets of the Aadhaar regime which must be noticed.
We, Asia Minerals Limited, kindly ask you to inform us about the possible shipment date for 500 mt of SIMn of quality in full accordance with the Contract.
If the petitioner fails to pay the cost on the said date, the order would be inoperative.
The ‘Make in India’ initiative of the Government aims to transform India into a global manufacturing hub.
The Appellant did not even attempt to prove the Gift Deed in any manner known in law.
The Appellant did not even attempt to prove the Gift Deed in any manner known in law.
It was argued that the withdrawal of the exemption duty in the cases like that of the respondent amounted to double taxation.
It was argued that the withdrawal of the exemption duty in the cases like that of the respondent amounted to double taxation.
In the said case, while describing the rape on an eight year old girl, the Court observed: 'Almost for the last three decades, this Court has been expressing its agony and distress pertaining to the increased rate of crimes against women.
State shall not deny to any person equality before the law or the equal protection of the laws within the territory of India.
State shall not deny to any person equality before the law or the equal protection of the laws within the territory of India.
Lacerated wound 1 cm x ½ cm x skin deep on right sole near base of second toe.
The only question for consideration would be whether there was a nexus between the basis of classification and the object of the Act sought to be challenged.
The only question for consideration would be whether there was a nexus between the basis of classification and the object of the Act sought to be challenged.
Exemptions of certain instruments from restriction imposed on transfer of immovable property.
These ports will be privatised through a global tender bid.
The interpretation and application of the guarantee cannot, under our Constitution, be left to Parliament.
There is a palpable difference between the entry of goods and sale of goods.
Colleges deserve special attention as a large chunk of students - about 87 percent - are enrolled in them.
The Constituent Assembly while drafting the Constitution of India was well aware of the British convention.
The Constituent Assembly while drafting the Constitution of India was well aware of the British convention.
The second also, is, in our opinion, unsound.
The Act is administered by the Ministry of Labour through its Industrial Relations Division.
The object of providing a legal remedy is to repair the damage caused by reason of legal injury.
The object of providing a legal remedy is to repair the damage caused by reason of legal injury.
In other words, life comes to an end when the integrative action between the 46 Elizabeth Wicks (Supra note 5), at pages 34-35 47 John Locke, Two Treatises of Government (ed.
The Government of India established the Tobacco Board, in place of Tobacco Export Promotion Council, under the Tobacco Board Act of 1975 to regulate production, promotion of overseas marketing and to control recurring instances of imbalances in supply and demand, which lead to market problems.
The Government of India established the Tobacco Board, in place of Tobacco Export Promotion Council, under the Tobacco Board Act of 1975 to regulate production, promotion of overseas marketing and to control recurring instances of imbalances in supply and demand, which lead to market problems.
Provided that if the acquisition is without the consent of the enterprise being acquired, any document executed by the acquiring enterprise by whatever name called, conveying a decision to acquire control, shares or voting rights shall be the “other document .
In this view of the matter, neither the process of decision making nor the decision itself can pass legal muster.
This articulated major premise is however subject to the provisions of the Constitution and is conditioned by the procedure of Parliament embodied in its rules and standing orders.
Promote Technology Development and Management in Industry.
He based his claim on the logic, that there was no reason/justification, to assign different pay-scales to Drivers, engaged in different departments of the Delhi Administration.
This cluster of values, summarised as the personal autonomy of every individual and taking concrete form as a presumption against interference with the individual's liberty, is a defining characteristic of a free society.
Belief is the ignition switch that gets you off the launching pad.
He has awarded it at the rate of Rs.26.25 ps.
Envoys of Greece, Burkina Faso, Japan and Portugal presented theircredentialsto thePresidentof India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee at a ceremony held in Rashtrapati Bhavan today (December 9, 2015).
The same is violative of and ignores the mandate of which casts a duty on citizens to renounce practices derogatory to the dignity of women.
On merits, learned counsel pointed out with reference to each ground that the documents on record would prima facie show that firstly, the monthly rent was Rs.40,000/-, Secondly, the appellant was the owner of the suit premises, thirdly, the respondent had duly attorned to the appellant and fourthly, the suit was rightly filed by invoking the provisions of the because the provisions of the Tenancy Act had no application to the suit premises due to monthly rent of the suit premises exceeding the limit specified under (f) of the Tenancy Act.
It has been made clear that there is to be no resort to compulsory acquisition in the case the monument is used in connection with religious observances or in other case until the owner has had an opportunity of entering into an agreement of the kind indicated above; and it is expressly provided that the monument maintained by the Government under the proposed Act, shall not be used for any purpose inconsistent with its character or with purpose of its foundation, and that, so far as is compatible with the object in view the public shall have access to it free of charge.
He contends that the press note was issued with the object of improving access and increasing the representation of physically challenged persons in the Civil Services.
Thus, the violation of the mandate of is writ large on the face of the reports prepared by the LAO.
Whereas in the same case of collusion where no duty has been levied there will be no period of limitation.
The harbour authorities allow ships -national or foreign to anchor and avail of the services provided by them.
Kerala has also been selected as the second best State in India in implementation of e - governance.
Bai under 19 different registered sale deeds during the year 1932 onwards.
Indeed, during the last ten years and more industrial adjudication in this country has made so much progress in determining industrial disputes arising between industries of different kinds and their employees that the jurisdiction and authority of Industrial Tribunals to deal with such disputes with the object of ensuring social justice is no longer seriously disputed.
However, it would be open to the respondents to apply for appropriate clarification or modification of the order dated 26.06.2015, after making the deposit as above and it will be open to the learned Single Judge to pass the appropriate orders on merits of the application.
The Constitution is the supreme law.
The Constitution is the supreme law.
In the first case, merely because a document has been marked as ‘an exhibit’, an objection as to its admissibility is not excluded and is available to be raised even at a later stage or even in appeal or revision.
But Section 2 shall not govern or regulate any future succession to which she may be entitled under law.
In paragraph 32, the exceptional circumstances which can be examined have been quoted in order to ensure that when any deviation is to be made from the normal rule, such similar principles should be kept in mind by the Courts.
On the basis of the information furnished by the accused recovery of the said ornaments was made.
In this case, we are not required to deal with the question of prior approval as there is no approval and, in fact, the request of the State has been rejected by the Central Government.
Professional communications.
The mortgage had to be renewed every year and is subject to the payment of land premium, etc.
It has taken utmost care to provide modern buses and to make its fleet environment friendly by controlling the smoke emission level of its vehicles.
The High Court held that the industrial dispute in which the workmen were involved did not concern a major port and hence the Central government was not the appropriate government.
The second defendant was the wife of the other son Basavareddi.
When the entire selection is stinking, conceived in fraud and delivered in deceit, individual innocence has no place as 'fraud unravels everything'.
Jamia has a wide academic profile.
In terms of the impugned Judgment, Discharge Order passed by the Army/Union of India (UOI), Appellants before us, has been quashed.
In terms of the impugned Judgment, Discharge Order passed by the Army/Union of India (UOI), Appellants before us, has been quashed.
Achievements: Model Polling Stations created: 1485; Sanklap Patra Issued 1,91,34,211; Android mobile, capturing image of electors, deployed: 2469 Polling Stations, Live web casting for Poll Monitoring: 3236 Polling Stations.
The separating of wolfram ore from the rock to make it usable ore is a process of selective mining.
UNICEF will mobilize partners to raise public awareness and provide a call to action.
Reliance on the statement of Dr. Pritu Dhalaria would be permissible only after the same is recorded by a court on oath, whereupon, he has to be subjected to cross-examination.
Sub-section (3) further proceeds on the basis that the expression 'free exercise of his electoral right' does not mean that a voter is not to be influenced.
Now this question is essentially one of fact and has to be decided on the circumstances of each case.
It also made further clear that the proviso to Rule 8(2) ensures that the short fall in quota for direct recruits in any recruitment does not get permanently converted to promotee quota by providing that the short fall should be made at the next recruitment.
It also made further clear that the proviso to Rule 8(2) ensures that the short fall in quota for direct recruits in any recruitment does not get permanently converted to promotee quota by providing that the short fall should be made at the next recruitment.
The training that you receive will help you in overcoming impediments to develop your aptitude.
As such the arrest of the appellant under the Act of 2002 cannot be termed as illegal.
For conviction under read with IPC, the second respondent-accused No.1-Devraj is sentenced to undergo rigorous imprisonment for six years and six months and the appeal is partly allowed.
An entrepreneur requires a continuous flow of funds not only for setting up of his / her business, but also for successful operation as well as regular upgradation / modernisation of the industrial unit.
Vide letter dated 21.01.2006, the appellant informed the Branch Manager, Standard Chartered Bank, Guwahati, as well as the officer in-charge, Dispur Police Station, Guwahati regarding missing of the said cheque.
Karnataka is also among the most preferred destinations for foreign investments in India and houses around 65 of world fortune 500 companies.
This will also provide some fiscal space to the states to meet a part of the additional resources required to implement the RTE Act.
Therefore, a duty is cast upon the court to examine the testimony of inimical witnesses with due caution and diligence.
My government will strive to transition from Youth Development to Youth - led Development.
My government will strive to transition from Youth Development to Youth - led Development.
In addition to this access to latest information in connection with technology upgradation and its transfer is provided to SSIs through the 'Technology Transfer Centre' at New Delhi.
Furthermore, while interpreting the above proviso, it was the submission of learned Senior Counsel, that such detention could be ordered, only and only, if the Court felt that the judgment-debtor had consciously obstructed or delayed the execution of a money-decree.
Thus, whether possession is taken under either rule 8(1) and 8(2), or under rule 8(3), measures are taken by the secured creditor under for the purpose of attracting .
The petitioners have, therefore, prayed that sub-clause (a) of clause 2.1 of the two Information Bulletins be declared as ultra vires the Constitution and appropriate writs and directions be issued to the respondents to permit the petitioners to participate in the admission process of MD/MS/MDS and other Post Graduate medical and dental courses in the State of Karnataka.
What cannot be done directly cannot be permitted to be done indirectly.
Even otherwise the statement made after more than 15 years is wholly unreliable and an afterthought and was not connected with the matter in question in which it was made.
Improper feeding during this stage may lead to 25 - 30% of calf mortality.
NCHF has also been propagating application of cost effective and quake resistant construction technologies and materials so as to make the houses more safe and affordable to members of housing co - operatives.
In this view of the matter, the Board was justified in characterizing the situation that the appellants are faced with as the result of lack of due diligence and/or sheer business misfortune.
In this view of the matter, the Board was justified in characterizing the situation that the appellants are faced with as the result of lack of due diligence and/or sheer business misfortune.
Alternatively, it can be stated that there must be sufficient ground to disagree with the findings of surveyor/surveyors.
We have appointed the NBCC to complete the various projects and hand over the possession to the buyers.
The Society clearly brought out in their reply, that Pratima Chowdhury through her letter dated 29.6.1992 had informed the Society, that Kalpana Mukherjee was in occupation of the flat, and as such, maintenance charges for the flat should be recovered from her.
The Leader of the Opposition need be consulted, if there is one.
We have declared the accused-respondent innocent, by upholding the order of the High Court, giving him the benefit of doubt.
It was submitted by the counsel that the witness has stated: (The attention of the witness is drawn to his statement dated 12.03.1993).
The procedure for appointment of Judges was reviewed by the Study Team on Centre State Relations of the Administrative Reforms Commission.
Such being the position, whatever be the cause and effect of the impugned constitutional amendment, the same will be deemed to be set aside, and the position preceding the amendment will be restored.
Though he was awarded a penalty of Increment Bar of 3 months without cumulative effect on 02.07.2001 considering the nature and gravity of the charges against him the committee included him in the select list conditionally.
Subba Rao, J. also laid down that the doctrine of “direct and immediate effect  is the most important doctrine to find out whether there is restriction on the free movement of trade.
She is resolute in the pursuits of her goals and is hungry for other opportunities that will take her career to new heights.
Explanation 1.—In a case where the original asset is transferred and the assessee invests the whole or any part of the capital gain received or accrued as a result of transfer of the original asset in any long-term specified asset and such assessee takes any loan or advance on the security of such specified asset, he shall be deemed to have transferred such specified asset on the date on which such loan or advance is taken.
I haven 't seen him lately.
Cas. 3 / 1993 List this matter before the Joint Registrar for recording of remaining petitioner’s evidence on 3rd March 2009, the date already fixed.
It is heartening to note that the agenda of this business forum includes forging new business partnerships, sharing best practices and new technologies, and exploring project finance and funding options.
E.2 Probations of Offenders.
The seat of this arbitration is London.
Mr. Ghosh urged that this Court had always held that technical objections should not come in the way of the Supreme Court doing complete justice to the parties.
Mr. Ghosh urged that this Court had always held that technical objections should not come in the way of the Supreme Court doing complete justice to the parties.
He also stated that the said bag was also sealed in such a manner that the contents thereof could not be taken out without damaging the intact seal affixed to the said bag or without breaking the said bag.
He also stated that the said bag was also sealed in such a manner that the contents thereof could not be taken out without damaging the intact seal affixed to the said bag or without breaking the said bag.
But that per se cannot go to prove that there was the intention to evade payment of duty or that the assessee was guilty of fraud, collusion, mis-conduct or suppression to attract the proviso to Section 11A(1) of the Act.
A great deal of variability has been observed among the States.
I understand that these model libraries would be facilitated with subscription of E-Journals/E-Book services through Web VPN Services developed by National Informatics Centre.
In furtherance, thereof several youths from Ahmedabad and Hyderabad had been sent to Pakistan in groups for arms training with a view to indulge them in terrorist activities of larger magnitude on their return.
In furtherance, thereof several youths from Ahmedabad and Hyderabad had been sent to Pakistan in groups for arms training with a view to indulge them in terrorist activities of larger magnitude on their return.
As regards distribution of assets, there is no conflict.
Here the post of cleaners in the establishment were in existence.
In our considered view, an effective interpretation of can be rendered, only upon understanding the intent behind , and the exception created through the proviso thereunder.
The petitioners filed a petition before the Central Tribunal which was registered as OA Administrative No. 2318 / 2008 in which they claimed that persons who had done apprenticeship much after them had been selected.
To invoke its inherent jurisdiction under CrPC the High Court has to be fully satisfied that the material produced by the accused is such that would lead to the conclusion that his/their defence is based on sound, reasonable, and indubitable facts; the material produced is such as would rule out and displace the assertions contained in the charges levelled against the accused; and the material produced is such as would clearly reject and overrule the veracity of the allegations contained in the accusations levelled by the prosecution/complainant.
If a provision is made in the regulations which impinges upon the privacy rights of the Aadhaar card holders that can always be challenged.
In the present case, however, we are not concerned with the aforesaid six specialties.
The officers succeeded before the Tribunal in three of those proceedings, 5 while the decision of the Air Headquarters was upheld in the fourth proceeding.
Azam Khan’s testimony reveals that he had provided information 8 years before to the CBI.
It was pointed out, that Rules of Procedure and the Conduct of Business of the Lok Sabha, had been duly enacted by the Lok Sabha.
The needful shall be done by the Corporation and/or the competent authority expeditiously but not later than six months from today.
HPCL owns the country 's largest Lube Refinery with a capacity of 335, 000 Metric Tonnes which amounts to 40% of the national capacity of Lube Oil production.
Even the Internal Trade Fairs like PAPEREX have been fruitful trade encouraging activities.
This will also adversely affect the economic interest of the State and would not serve the larger public interest.
Mr. Venugopal also voiced the issues common to all these cases as to whether it would be open to the Government or the MCI, a creature of the , 1956, to regulate the admission of students to all medical colleges and institutions.
There was no force majeure condition or any legal impediment as such the period from 2011 to 2015 cannot be treated as a moratorium period vis-à-vis the dues of Noida and Greater Noida authorities.
A proper understanding of the scheme underlying the provision would thus make it abundantly clear that while the offence is complete upon dishonour, prosecution for such offence is deferred till the time the cause of action for such prosecution accrues to the complainant.
Mr. D.N. Ray, Advocate, appeared on behalf of the private respondents and made his submissions almost on the same lines as argued by the learned Additional Solicitor General.
These petitions and applications can be under any special Act as in the present case.
The issue, which has arisen for consideration has engaged attention of different High Courts from time to time.
The circumstances should be of a conclusive nature and tendency.
There is a hope on the part of the society and when the criminal culpability is established and the discretion is irrationally exercised by the court, the said hope is shattered and the patience is wrecked.
The Indira Gandhi Prize for Peace, Disarmament and Development was instituted in the name of former Prime Minister Late Smt. Indira Gandhi. It celebrates the values that she stood and fought for in the service of our nation and its people.
It is clear from all this that the discrepancies make it difficult for us to accept that the defendant Nos.1 to 3 have intended for this to be an agreement of sale and it is extremely likely that the plaintiff has tried to take unfair advantage of them.
It is clear from all this that the discrepancies make it difficult for us to accept that the defendant Nos.1 to 3 have intended for this to be an agreement of sale and it is extremely likely that the plaintiff has tried to take unfair advantage of them.
The person to be appointed as Lokayukta shall be a person who has held the office of a Judge of the Supreme Court of India or that of the Chief Justice of the High Court.
The Assistant Legal Advisor for Treaty Affairs of the State Department has advised the District Court that Article XVI of the 1903 Treaty is still in effect.
The learned senior counsel appearing for the Medical Council of India has also submitted that the petitioners do not have any legal right for getting renewal of the recognition, especially in view of the fact that the Verification/Inspection Reports are not available for the period in question.
Liberty is the essential concomitant for other rights without which a man cannot be at his best.
Liberty is the essential concomitant for other rights without which a man cannot be at his best.
In this case, a man committed murder of his wife for usurping her property in a cold-blooded, calculated and diabolic manner.
Before proceeding to record the submissions of the learned counsel for the appellants as well as the counsel opposite, it becomes necessary to take note of the brief order dated 19th March, 2013, as this order was read and re-read time and again by each counsel with an attempt to give their own interpretation to the same.
A decision passes sub-silentio, in the technical sense that has come to be attached to that phrase, when the particular point of law involved in the decision is not perceived by the court or present to its mind.
A perusal of the award reveals that the Tribunal investigated the conduct of entire transaction between the parties pertaining to the work order, including withholding of DTC locations, allegations and counter allegations by the parties concerning installed objects.
For India 's political and economic stability, it is important that we have truly 'inclusive' growth - growth that benefits each and every citizen of the country especially those who are at the margins of society and at the base of the socio - economic pyramid.
Though these attempts on part of the petitioner are after the Judgment under review, we have considered the material in that behalf to see if those circumstances warrant a different view.
The definition of 'tax on the sale or purchase of goods' includes a tax on the transfer or property in the goods as goods or which have lost its form as goods and have acquired some other form involved in the execution of a works contract.
In other words, the appellant got the partial benefit of the order passed in Gajraj’s case (supra) even without contest.
In relation to the appointment of judges of the High Court, it was generally observed by the LCI in Chapter 6 of the Report that the prevailing impression was that their appointment ‘has not been always made on merit and that this has affected the image of the High Courts.
The objects to be taxed so long as they happen to be within the legislative competence of the legislature can be taxed by the legislature according to the exigencies of its needs, because there can be no doubt that the State is entitled to raise revenue by taxation.
I am happy to join the residents of the President’s Estate on a momentous occasion, which is the launch of Wi - Fi services.
I am happy to join the residents of the President’s Estate on a momentous occasion, which is the launch of Wi - Fi services.
We find that the findings recorded by the High Court are patently erroneous for the reasons recorded hereinafter.
I have called upon the Central higher level institutions to adopt five villages each and transform them into model villages by providing solutions to problems using resource persons and expertise available.
Chairman observed that large numbers of people are looking for coal.
According to the learned senior counsel, there were serious doubts as to whether the postmortem report related to the body of the deceased.
According to the learned senior counsel, there were serious doubts as to whether the postmortem report related to the body of the deceased.
The methods of collection of honey and beeswax from these nests have changed only slightly over the millennia.
A translated copy of the report is enclosed as Annexure P-11 to the writ petition.
In this view, we are unable to subscribe to the proposition that there is absolute immunity available to the Parliamentary proceedings relating to It is a different matter as to what parameters, if any, should regulate or control the judicial scrutiny of such proceedings.
It is a common case of the parties that Dorathi was an old and infirm woman who was suffering from various illness including heart ailment and because of this reason, he was getting medical treatment, on and off, from Adarsha Hospital.
Indiacondemned the brutal killing of the Jordanian pilot , Muath al-Kasasbeh.
Instances of environmental debasement causing acute farmer distress have come to the fore in the recent past.
Thus, the elected representatives must display constitutional objectivity as a standard of representative governance which neither tolerates ideological fragmentation nor encourages any utopian fantasy, rather it lays stress on constitutional ideologies.
He must always keep in his mind the fear psyche that if he is convicted of the offence for [pic]causing death of a human being due to his callous driving of the vehicle he cannot escape from a jail sentence.
Under article 66 of the Constitution for election of Vice-President.
He also clarified that in his Zone i.e. Zone-X, none of the bomb explosions had occurred and that no case was registered with regard to the same.
He also clarified that in his Zone i.e. Zone-X, none of the bomb explosions had occurred and that no case was registered with regard to the same.
No compliance was provided in respect of other deficiencies.
Cases which have ended in conviction by the apex court after a full gamut of litigation are not comparable with preventive detention cases where a friend or next of kin is permitted to seek a writ of habeas corpus.
Cases which have ended in conviction by the apex court after a full gamut of litigation are not comparable with preventive detention cases where a friend or next of kin is permitted to seek a writ of habeas corpus.
A domestic company may be a public company or a private company.
Uniform is a cause of fallacious resemblance, above all for those who do not wear it.
No doubt, in Gurdas Singh’s Case, it has been specifically remarked that the judgment in Brij Mohan Singh Chopra (supra) has been overruled in Baikuntha Nath (supra).
The method of accounting followed, as derived from the ICAI’s Guidance Note, is a valid method of capturing real income based on the substance of finance lease transaction.
It is the further case of the petitioner that the deceased being a key eye witness to the murder of Sohrabuddin and his wife Kausarbi, the team of Mr. D.G. Vanzara and others planned to do away with him to avoid his interrogation by Ms. Geeta Johri, Inspector General of Police.
He was awarded the Mahavir Chakra in 1948 for his role in the Kashmir operations and exceptional gallantry in the famous battle of Zoji La. He had many firsts to his credit.
Such landowners are given a right to make an application within 3 months from the date of such award of the Court to the Collector and claim therein the same compensation which was awarded to other landowners by the Court.
Petitioners have filed an affidavit dated 10.12.2014 to the effect that the entire records of the trial court has been filed before the High Court.
This application was resisted by the respondents with the submission that since acts of fraud were attributed to the appellant by the plaintiffs/respondents, such serious allegations of fraud could not be adjudicated upon by the Arbitral Tribunal and the appropriate remedy was to approach the civil court by filing a suit, and that was exactly done by the respondents.
Being based on circumstantial evidence, prosecution relied on the following circumstances to establish the guilt of the accused:- (i) Motive – evidence of PW-8, mother of the deceased, who had spoken about an incident that had happened 18 years ago when Rajbir- the deceased and Hoshiar Singh– father of the accused were bringing 'boorada' from village Satnali in a mechanised cart and that the said cart overturned on the way and Hoshiar Singh died in the accident due to which the appellant and his family had a grudge against Rajbir, as they felt that Rajbir had killed his father.
The notion of CSR is not new to India.
In the aforesaid writ petition, the High Court passed interim orders dated December 20, 2013, directing the parties to maintain status quo.
According to the allegations levelled in the complaint, the appellant–Brij Lal and Mohan Lal - PW-15 were both employed in the Irrigation Department of the State Government.
Sir, with regard to the Instrument of Instructions, there are two points which have to be borne in mind.
Mr. Nariman further points out that the respondent, upon redrawal of the invoices, had agreed to refund/adjust a sum of Rs.45 crores, being the excess amount charged by the respondent from the appellant.
Mr. Nariman further points out that the respondent, upon redrawal of the invoices, had agreed to refund/adjust a sum of Rs.45 crores, being the excess amount charged by the respondent from the appellant.
He pointed out that this decision of the General Court was upheld in appeal by the European Court of Justice vide its judgment dated July 10, 2014.
Once we find that Arbitral Tribunals are taking different views, and the view taken in favour of the NHAI is also one of the possible interpretations, the effect thereof would be to uphold both kinds of awards even when they are conflicting in nature in respect of the same contractual provision.
Smt. Sonia Gandhi, Chairperson, Indira Gandhi Memorial Trust and Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh also addressed the gathering on the occasion.
This has resulted in uncontrolled, un-planed and haphazard growth of city of Bangalore.
Even otherwise a finding inquiry instituted by the Chancellor was bound to involve appraisal of evidence, documentary and oral.
Powers to grant pardon and to suspend, remit or commute sentences are conferred by Articles 72 and 161 of the Constitution upon the President and the Governor.
A contrary view has also been expressed by certain High Courts.
This will have some bearing when the composition of the National Judicial Appointments Commission is examined.
State of M.P. and others has already been allowed by the Coordinate Bench by order dated 26.8.2013 following the judgment in the case of Yashwant Aphle (supra).
Mothers and family members are educated and trained to give proper care to their children to promote their health.
Particulars of confidential reports maintained in respect of co-employees in the above said case (all of whom were Scientists) were sought from the appellant-organisation.
It codifies the lawsrelating to the offences which it deals with.
State of Kerala has filed these appeals assailing the order passed by the High Court allowing various review petitions filed by the respondents and declaring that the conditions relied on by the Government are violative of the provisions contained in Direct Payment Agreement and the University Statutes and directing the State to pay salary and allowances to the teachers who were appointed by the Private Managements in the newly commenced courses.
In the earlier part of our discussion, we have already held that the decision in Devender Pal Singh Bhullar (supra), holding that the cases pertaining to offences under TADA have to be treated differently and on the ground of delay in disposal of mercy petition the death sentence cannot be commuted, is per incuriam.
The very concept of transportation rate which is defined in makes it clear that it is the rate for moving each unit of petroleum, petroleum products or natural gas as may be fixed by the Regulations and which uses the expression ‘transportation rate’, has three elements, which makes it clear that the transportation rate has relevance only in respect of the rates payable by a third party entity, which is utilizing the excess capacity in the existing pipeline of a common/contract carrier and the Board does not have the power to determine the transport rate.
Therefore, we do not find any merit in this writ petition and it is liable to be dismissed.
The State can impose a non-discriminatory tax on goods imported from other States or the Union territory to which similar goods manufactured or produced in that State are subject.
I am confident that their endeavours shall encourage and inspire many.
He saw the appellant (A-44) entering into Room No. 3078 with a light blue color suitcase.
Mizoram, with its abundant scenic beauty and a soothing climate, has a tremendous scope for developing tourism related industries.
There should be no addition, where the age of the deceased is more than 50 years.
The allegation against the present accused appellants that they both caught hold of the hands of the deceased shows that they had the intention to disable the deceased Mohammad Shakil.
The allegation against the present accused appellants that they both caught hold of the hands of the deceased shows that they had the intention to disable the deceased Mohammad Shakil.
It was in that context that this Court held that when such innocuous mistakes in the format of the affidavit were noted, in the interest of justice, the proper course was that the Tribunal should have called upon the election petitioner to rectify those minor cosmetic defects instead of dismissing the Election Petition at the threshold.
It was in that context that this Court held that when such innocuous mistakes in the format of the affidavit were noted, in the interest of justice, the proper course was that the Tribunal should have called upon the election petitioner to rectify those minor cosmetic defects instead of dismissing the Election Petition at the threshold.
We find considerable merit in the submissions made by Dr. Singhvi.
The respondent then on receipt of the payment from the foreign buyer and having failed to take any steps to realize the payment from the buyer or issuing bank, filed a complaint on 30.09.2001 with the Banking Ombudsman against the bank on account of reversing the entry on non-receipt of payment of LCs.
The family of the prosecutrix was poor.
As noticed above, as against the order passed by the City Magistrate on 5.9.2011, before whom the petitioner has stated that she was a major and should be allowed to stay free as per her wishes, the father of the petitioner filed a revision petition before the Additional District Judge,Meerut seeking custody of the petitioner on the ground that she was mentally unstable.
Trade Unions and other Voluntary Organisations should play an active role and help the street vendors to organise themselves by providing counseling and guidance services wherever required.
In other words, the subject property has vacant land area on the main station road as well as on other side road leading to colonies.
In other words, the subject property has vacant land area on the main station road as well as on other side road leading to colonies.
In our considered opinion, the High Court clearly erred in law in dismissing the complaint, which certainly disclosed an offence prima facie.
Workers should feel safe and comfortable while working.
The Governor's report may not be conclusive but its relevance is undeniable.
The cheque was dishonoured at Chandigarh.
Therefore, the same cannot be admitted in evidence.
Section 4 of the Act gave the enactment an overriding effect.
After these foods are digested and the pungent oils are absorbed into your bloodstream, they 're carried to your lungs and are given off in your breath until the food is eliminated from your body.
The present scheme provides for an interim relief of rupees twenty thousand to be sanctioned at the discretion of the local formation commander.
We have no hesitation in rejecting that contention.
The prominent part played by the plaintiff (respondent No. 1 herein) in the registration of the Will.
The 'Swachch Bharat’ initiative of the government resonates well with our aspirations to make India a neat and clean destination for tourists.
Mr. Bhushan submits that although the respondents claim that the petitioner has suppressed material facts, the suppression of facts by respondent No.4 is not treated with the same amount of concern.
Generally, a conspiracy is hatched in secrecy and it may be difficult to adduce direct evidence of the same.
Criticising the impugned order, it is submitted by Ms. Babbar that the High Court has committed gross illegality in granting the benefit to the respondent totally ignoring the restrictions incorporated in the orders dated 09.12.2004 and 26.05.2007 which clearly stipulated that the respondent official will work in his own pay scale and his officiating promotion would be subject to the recommendations of the Departmental Promotion Committee and on the approval of the Committee, he shall be given the financial benefits.
Whether prescription of appeal of limitation of any suit or application in any special or local law relates to suit, application or appeal to be filed in Court or it may refer to statutory authorities and tribunals also, is the question to be answered.
Whether prescription of appeal of limitation of any suit or application in any special or local law relates to suit, application or appeal to be filed in Court or it may refer to statutory authorities and tribunals also, is the question to be answered.
This provision may be deleted.
They came to the bund armed with weapons and attacked deceased-Hemanta, deceased-Manik and deceased-Gour, who succumbed to the injuries sustained by them.
There is a trend toward an increased risk of second molar pregnancy in Indian / Pakistani women.
The Supreme Court directed a committee of senior officers to be appointed to look into the matter by gathering information through internet and take suitable measures in future in respect of any other insecticides and chemicals which is found to be hazardous for health.
The major activities of the Institute are: Training, Research, Advisory Services and Information dissemination and exchange of experience.
If any such application is made, the authorities concerned are directed to verify and after satisfaction settle the eligible amounts within a period of one month thereafter.
We do not find any basis for any such apprehension.
To our mind, we do not think that the condition/restriction laid down in clause (d) of has to be revisited and/or looked at and complied with in the assessment year in which the profits are offered to tax by the Assessee.
Both the appeals are dismissed.
Both the appeals are dismissed.
In 350 B.C.E., Aristotle suggested in the “Politics  that to protect the treasury from being defrauded, let all money be issued openly in front of the whole city, and let copies of the accounts be deposited in various wards.
In the given circumstances, the appellant has no legitimate right to claim possession by way of succession under the Act, 1956 and no error was committed in restoration of reversionary rights of the respondents under the impugned judgment.
In the given circumstances, the appellant has no legitimate right to claim possession by way of succession under the Act, 1956 and no error was committed in restoration of reversionary rights of the respondents under the impugned judgment.
Personhood constructs democracy.
But Channel 10 gave in by discontinuing the telecast of the serial.
But for the false promise by the accused to marry the prosecutrix, the prosecutrix would not have given the consent to have the physical relationship.
But for the false promise by the accused to marry the prosecutrix, the prosecutrix would not have given the consent to have the physical relationship.
This Court is hopeful that the NGO will take care of the victim and provide all the facilities for the post-natal care.
Even in such a case, after setting aside the penalty order, it is to be left to the disciplinary/Appellate Authority to take a decision afresh and it is not for the court to substitute its decision by prescribing the quantum of punishment.
Even in such a case, after setting aside the penalty order, it is to be left to the disciplinary/Appellate Authority to take a decision afresh and it is not for the court to substitute its decision by prescribing the quantum of punishment.
As the Statement of Objects and Reasons extracted hereinabove makes it clear, is to be read with and , all of which make it clear that cases under the Act have to be decided with utmost despatch and without any glitches on the way in the form of interlocutory stay orders.
Worse still, if the spouse of the woman were to connive with the person with whom she has engaged in sexual intercourse, the law would blink.
Noting that China is as keen as India to take our bilateral relations forward, I return to India with the conviction that we must jointly impart new momentum to this defining partnership of the 21st century.
In Kerala, a Bill has been proposed.
On the other hand, if the law is not specified in the Ninth Schedule, the validity of the challenge has to be examined in order to determine whether the provisions thereof invade in any manner any of the fundamental rights conferred by Part III.
On the other hand, if the law is not specified in the Ninth Schedule, the validity of the challenge has to be examined in order to determine whether the provisions thereof invade in any manner any of the fundamental rights conferred by Part III.
Rights include protection from discrimination on grounds of gender, race or minority status as well as from sexual and other forms of exploitation.
Generating continuous and sustained awareness through innovative methods about the harmful effects of drug abuse also assumes critical importance.
None of the transactions of sale in question is against any bye-law or clause of Memorandum of Association of the Society.
This provision begins with a non-obstante clause which would indicate that in all cases involving inter- State supply, transmission, or wheeling of electricity, the Central Commission alone has jurisdiction.
No benefit or advantage could be taken by the defendant of the alleged oral understanding as a defence to a suit filed by the plaintiff seeking eviction of the defendant.
It was, realized that unless there is an organized water supply system in the village, attaining economic growth might not be possible as most of the time was spent in fetching drinking water from distant sources.
But it must also be realised that provision by which the authority is empowered to levy and collect interest, even if construed as forming part of the machinery provisions, is substantive law for the simple reason that in the absence of contract or usage interest can be levied under law and it cannot be recovered by way of damages for wrongful detention of the amount.
Appeal against the said order was allowed by this Court holding that there was unexplained delay in approaching the Tribunal.
The relation between the agent and the principal is called 'Agency'.
But what is binding is the ratio of the decision and not any finding of facts.
But what is binding is the ratio of the decision and not any finding of facts.
Russia has contributed to India’s development, growth and security.
The occurrence took place in the manner propounded by the prosecution and further that the accused have not acted in the right of private defence and property.
The occurrence took place in the manner propounded by the prosecution and further that the accused have not acted in the right of private defence and property.
Dr. Vempalli Gangadhar, a writer in Telugu, was awarded Yuva Puraskar of Sahitya Academi in 2011 for his work ‘Molakala Punnami’.
The classical picture is rare and generally takes a chronic course.
This vast mansion has got four floors and 340 rooms.
Having perused the aforesaid document, and having found no clear endorsements thereon (depicting the receipt thereof, in the office of the Secretary, Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly), we called for the original.
Undoubtedly, there may be many in which the matter had to be adjudicated upon and judgment delivered.
Higher education not only decides a student 's career prospects, but also shapes his or her personality.
During the course of custodial interrogation, on 19th August, 2010, he added that he had decided with Shiva Solanki to kill Amit Jethwa for which Shiva was to provide the money.
Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) assists the development and promotion and disbursal of rural and traditional industries in rural and town areas.
The suit was not barred under the aforesaid provisions as the UP Zamindari Abolition and Land Reforms Act has no jurisdiction to deal with the subject matter.
India and Cyprus have traditionally enjoyed close and warm relations.
The recovery witnesses were examined by the prosecution as well as those persons from whom the ornaments were recovered.
As per Statement of Mr. Sanjeev Kumar Director of La Residentia Developers Private Limited recorded by us, he Informed that a sum of Rs.4 crores Approximately, was paid as fees for use of Amrapali Brand Name to Saffron Propmart Private Limited (This Company is controlled by Mr. Chander Wadhwa CFO).
The effect of this was that a separate cadre of Junior Engineers, distinct from erstwhile Junior Engineers/Supervisors was formed.
The order on face of it purported to dismiss the suit of the plaintiff on basis of the terms and conditions mentioned in the petition of compromise.
As we have stood together during the days of struggle, so too will we stand together in this challenging dawn of development.
Responding to President Mukherjee, the President of the National Assembly said relations between the two countries were good and friendly.
We have considered the submissions raised and we have also heard the learned counsel for the Railways.
Free unlimited Debit Card transactions at ATM of any Bank.
The question of extending the law to graver offences may be taken up later on in the light of the experience actually gained.
The question of extending the law to graver offences may be taken up later on in the light of the experience actually gained.
Furthermore, “patent illegality  itself has been held to mean contravention of the substantive law of India, contravention of the 1996 Act, and contravention of the terms of the contract.
He further admitted that the name of his father is Sundarlal, whereas the name of father of Shivnarayan is Angad.
The Zonal Manager, Pune Region was personally receiving us at the entrance.
It speaks of your academic excellence.
Interpretation of a statute cannot remain static.
This Court also took into consideration the fact that there were no specific allegations against the appellants, who were relatives of the husband.
The President stated that in the Global Hunger Index 2015, which combines the three indicators of under-nourishment, child under-weight and child mortality, India is ranked 80th out of 104 countries.
This Court held that State cannot act arbitrarily in the matter of entering into relationships be it contractual or otherwise with a third party and its action must conform to some standard or norm, which is in itself rational and non-discriminatory.
However, by an exclusionary clause, it is made inapplicable to an appeal or revision.
The normal mode of taking possession is drafting the panchnama in the presence of panchas and taking possession and giving delivery to the beneficiaries is the accepted mode of taking possession of the land.
The normal mode of taking possession is drafting the panchnama in the presence of panchas and taking possession and giving delivery to the beneficiaries is the accepted mode of taking possession of the land.
Justice and justness emanate from equality in treatment, consistency and thoroughness in adjudication, and fairness and uniformity in the decision-making process and the decisions.
Justice and justness emanate from equality in treatment, consistency and thoroughness in adjudication, and fairness and uniformity in the decision-making process and the decisions.
The policy may be comprehensive or only covering third parties or liability may be limited.
India’s Science, Technology and Innovation (STI) policy 2013 emphasizes boosting innovation through research and development (R & D), driven mainly by private sector participation, publishing more research papers, achieving gender parity in S & T and seeking global cooperation.
Annuity for life increasing at simple rate of 3% p. a.
As such a decision cannot be said to be an authority on the aforesaid.
As detention affects the liberty of a citizen, it has to be scrutinised and evaluated with great care, caution and circumspection.
The interest awardable shall be recovered from all the officers and including the Chief Minister, who were either responsible for placing the petitioner under suspension or in perpetuating the illegality and had unnecessarily charged and harassed the petitioner.
This cannot be achieved unless the employees maintain discipline and devotion to duty.
On a perusal of the aforesaid provision, the possession of opium is an offence and the sentence is imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year or with fine which may extend to Rs.1,000/- or both.
Even though the appellate court would be justified in taking a different view on question of fact that should be done after adverting to the reasons given by the trial judge in arriving at the finding in question.
In making the determination, benches of this Court have referred to the history and organisation of the collective seeking denominational status.
The 'Digital India  Mission aims to provide the digital infrastructure to the remotest corner of the country and promote digital literacy.
There is however an exception to this general rule.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has condoled the passing away ofShri Amitabha Chowdhury, eminent journalist, writer and scholar.
The other part of the dupatta was found in the incised wound on the neck so as to soak blood.
In the above case, a report of Joint Parliamentary Committee was objected by the learned counsel for the Standard Chartered Bank.
Migrant labour and labour in the unorganised sector lacks fixity of abode.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee inaugurateda Children’s Section of the website of the President of India (http://164.100.23.71/demotemprb/RB-CS/RB-CS-Home.aspx)today (December 11, 2015) at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
My government will maximize the strengths of Indiandiasporain nation building and for deepening our global outreach.
It gives me great pleasure to welcome Your Highness SheikhTamim bin Hamad Al - Thani and the distinguished members of your delegation to India on your first State visit.
And that, it does not lie in the mouth of the State Government, after giving effect to ‘the 1999 Scheme’, to assert that ‘the 1999 Scheme’ was not financially viable.
The version of Mr. Shetty is at variance to what is alleged to have been stated by the CEO of ICC.
In above view, in the considered view of this court, the request made by the public prosecutor should not only have received due consideration of the special court on 28.02.2017, or the District & Sessions Judge on 01.03.2017, but also deserved to be allowed.
Various canteens were set up by the RBI which were being run through a Cooperative Society.
On 05.04.2005, DDA was directed to file an affidavit pertaining to the categorization of societies i.e. list of those societies which underwent liquidation and now were seeking revival and allotment of land and the list of genuine societies which had approved list of members till 31.10.2003, from the office of Registrar Cooperative Societies, with their membership duly verified.
Thereafter brother of Bhaskar Sahu – Surendra Nath Sahu after receiving the news of assault came with Tarini Sahu, Kasinath Bisoi and Bidyadhar Babu belonging to the village and got admitted Bhaskar Sahu in Berhampur Medical College.
The word ‘fiduciary,’ as a noun, means one who holds a thing in trust for another, a trustee, a person holding the character of a trustee, or a character analogous to that of a trustee, with respect to the trust and confidence involved in it and the scrupulous good faith and candor which it requires; a person having the duty, created by his undertaking, to act primarily for another’s benefit in matters connected with such undertaking.
Rajasthan State Electricity Board, Jaipur v. Mohan Lal, AIR 1967 SC 1857. [Supreme Court].
The BSNL was left free to pass a fresh order and take a final decision in the matter within six weeks from the date of the issue of the show cause notice.
The BSNL was left free to pass a fresh order and take a final decision in the matter within six weeks from the date of the issue of the show cause notice.
We disapprove of this tendency.
Professor Sahay is also on the Board of Brandscapes Consultancy Pvt. Ltd. and Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilisers & Chemicals Ltd. (GNFC).
In an adversary system, spot resolution of disputes is generally frowned upon.
In his cross-examination, he has admitted that one of the newspapers used for wrapping the articles was dated 13.4.1993 which is subsequent to the date of recovery.
Further, in a recent case of Paul Mohinder Gahun v. State of NCT of Delhi’? the Delhi High Court refused to grant custody of the child to the father and observed that the question of conflict of laws and jurisdictions should take a back seat in preference to what lies in the interest of the minor.
Justice P. N. Bhagwati 's life is one such life. And the book 'My Tryst with Justice' is a humble expression of that life.
Each square is divided again into smaller squares by pathways, forming a typical Mughal garden called Charbagh.
In the masculine body it is in the perineum between the urinary and excretory organs.
After this, the fish can be packed in suitable weighed lots in sealed polythene bags for retail marketing.
As Holdsworth says, Montesquieu convinced the world that he had discovered a new constitutional principle which was universally valid.
Shobha Mehta is stated to be an old lady who is over 70 years of age.
Department of Jammu & Kashmir (J & K) Affairs, dealing with the constitutional provisions in respect of the State of Jammu & Kashmir and all other matters relating to the State excluding those with which the Ministry of External Affairs is concerned.
The court which has fixed a stipulation of time has jurisdiction to extend the time and it is open to the court, while exercising that jurisdiction, to consider whether the delay has been satisfactorily explained.
The Governor also disclosed the alleged threats issued by unknown miscreants, to the two MLAs who had resigned, and to Kalikho Pul.
It also envisages bringing into its fold those teachers who have entered the profession without formal teacher training.
Further, it was submitted that data was available to the State Government on 31st October, 2009, but this fact was suppressed from this Court.
The thing gifted should not be accompanied by things not gifted i.e. should be free from things which have not been gifted.
However, there are certain indications in the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 itself as to which are those situations and a few indications are available in the judgments of this Court as to what are those circumstances.
It will be seen that three important changes have been made in the amended so far as the present case is concerned.
PW-70 has also deposed that while on 22.11.2003 he sold one motorcycle to A-2 who paid to him Rs.17,500/-, on 25.11.2003 A-2 and A-3 visited his garage again and A- 3 purchased another motorcycle for Rs.20,500/-.
Both sets of writ petitions i.e. those filed by the appellants against the orders of demolition by the State Authorities and the writ petitions filed by the Goa Foundation seeking demolition of constructions raised by each of the appellants were heard together by the Bombay High Court.
It is submitted that domicile has not been provided as any special factor for allocation and the emphasis on domicile as exclusive criterion to allocation cannot be sustained.
Establish the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India for laying down science based standards for articles of food.
This was an expression of its determination to strengthen action and cooperation to achieve the goal of an international society free of drug abuse.
In view of the pronouncement on the issue in question by the Supreme Court and the High Courts, in our view, in child custody matters, the writ of habeas corpus is maintainable where it is proved that the detention of a minor child by a parent or others was illegal and without any authority of law.
In view of the pronouncement on the issue in question by the Supreme Court and the High Courts, in our view, in child custody matters, the writ of habeas corpus is maintainable where it is proved that the detention of a minor child by a parent or others was illegal and without any authority of law.
7) Having heard the learned counsel for both parties, we must first set out the answers given to the three questions by the High Court, in its judgment under appeal.
I feel honoured to present the first Tagore Award for Cultural Harmony for the year 2012 to Late Pandit Ravi Shankar, the great Indian Sitar Maestro whose renditions had and will continue to enthrall the world.
Remember that once you step out of your alma mater, life will provide you ample opportunity to learn.
In the above context, reference was also made, to the opinion expressed by renowned persons, having vast experience in judicial institutions, effectively bringing out the veracity of the contention advanced.
The defence of the appellant in this case was that Ex.D-3 was recovered from Rathi Guest House is probable.
They must have belonged to that caste and after conversion the community has accepted.
The respondent-contractor is not justified in changing the method of calculation and claim appropriation of the payments firstly towards the interest and then towards the principal amount.
Notably, in the present case, the deficiency in respect of faculty and residents has been found to be insignificant or within the permissible limits.
Qazi Aqlimuddin, Secretary, Vidhan Sabha giving in details about the constitutional, legal and factual position stating that no case of privilege was made out.
It does not become income of the shareholder.
It does not become income of the shareholder.
Unfortunately, we may note that number of cases which are brought before us reflects otherwise.
In our opinion, having regard to the gravity of the offences charged against the Appellant, the ends of justice require that we should direct that he should be tried for the said offences de novo according to law.
In our opinion, having regard to the gravity of the offences charged against the Appellant, the ends of justice require that we should direct that he should be tried for the said offences de novo according to law.
At the time of independence, our agriculture sector was under - developed and we were importer of food grains.
The Inspecting Officer shall simultaneously forward a copy each of the measurement certificate and sketch to the concerned Registering Authority also.
It was not necessary for various other exigencies to deposit the amount in the Court.
Even his great grandson, Vikramaditya II was also a great warrior.
A copy of the action plan may be sent to this Tribunal by e-mail at filing.ngt@gmail.com.
If found guilty, they are subjected to a different scheme of punishment.
Three ash samples (1), from Bhasmaaarti of Jyotirlingam, (2), cow dung used for making bhasma in mahakal temple and (3) from Bhopal were analyzed for comparative studies.
Quality standards for agricultural commodities are framed based on their intrinsic features and value.
Realising that its large human resource base is the key to its prosperity, the State has been making all efforts to tap the creative energies of the people.
It is submitted that the respondent having gone out of zone of consideration for in country adoption, their application cannot be directed to be considered on the basis of seniority for in country adoption.
The observation cannot be read to mean that this Court held that under Section 4 police officers are not entitled to take fingerprints until the order is taken from the Magistrate.
Courts of law are structured in such a design as to evoke respect and reverence for the majesty of law and justice.
Courts of law are structured in such a design as to evoke respect and reverence for the majesty of law and justice.
After going through the evidence on record i.e. the confession of the co-accused (A-64 and A-128) as well as the deposition of the various prosecution witnesses, we find no merit in this appeal.
We were happy to learn that a priceless collection of Tagore memorabilia owned by a collector in Galicia, Dr. Jose Paz has been donated to the Casa de la India where it will be preserved and displayed.
Mcleod Russel India Ltd. In view of our above analysis, it is our considered opinion that the impugned Judgment deserves to be upheld.
These tenants were referred to as tenant-members.
Moreover, he did not measure the depth of the head injury which was necessary for classification of injury.
Our interface with the norms which the international community has adopted in the sphere of environmental governance is hence as much a reflection of our own responsibility in a context which travels beyond our borders as much as it is a reflection of the aspirations of our own Constitution.
Our interface with the norms which the international community has adopted in the sphere of environmental governance is hence as much a reflection of our own responsibility in a context which travels beyond our borders as much as it is a reflection of the aspirations of our own Constitution.
The second issue that has to be dealt with is with regard to grant of approval to the CEPMIZ which has been prepared by the State Government in consultation with the CEC in terms of the various orders passed by this Court from time to time.
It was stated that Jal Mahal monument was a pleasure pavilion used for hunting ducks and other similar pleasure activities by the kings, opinion of legal consultant of JDA was not correct.
So far as the concept of implied limitations is concerned, it has two facets.
All administrative and pension matters relating to the officers and employees of the Department.
Congratulate the Urban Development Ministry for having brought together all the ambassadors who are dedicated to the cause of Swachh Bharat.
On 12.03.1993, he offered help to the appellant (A-12) to carry his biscuit coloured suitcase and black coloured bag but he refused to take any help.
Some persons with multiple identities getting those benefits manifold.
The intent and purpose of a loan application is entirely different, relevant only for the purpose of the borrower vis-à-vis the lender.
As noted above learned counsel for Respondent 1’s legal heirs submitted that the legal heirs of the complainant shall file an application for permission to prosecute and, therefore, the complaint still survives consideration.
Benami transactions routinely take place through banking channels.
The project had being implemented in consortium mode with four institutions are participating to build the system.
She also pointed out that by giving appropriate direction for transfer of records from Gujarat to the transferee Court, i.e., special Court CBI at Mumbai, Maharashtra and after completion of the translation work, a direction may be issued to the special court for early completion of the trial.
Under the section, the assessee is given relief by credit / refund in a particular manner even though he is taxed in both the countries.
Create new opportunities for the development of the small scale sector.
No crop can be grown in the rest 8 – 9 months due to absence of water.
It was upheld and all the accused were discharged.
It is not just the light; the solar power would soon go into enhancing skills of the local people.
But, if we were to calculate this percentage from the total number of slum dwellers i.e. 867 then the percentage is 48.78%, which is less than 50%.
These discrepancies are due to normal errors of observation, normal errors of memory due to lapse of time, due to mental disposition, shock and horror at the time of occurrence and threat to the life.
Neither they are getting promotion nor they are considered as OGAS and, as such, they are denied the benefits.
According to him, Motichand was his nephew and partner in his business and that as he was like his own son, the allegation of sub-letting was unfounded.
The Supreme Court Advocates-on-Record Association has filed Writ Petition (Civil) No.13 of 2015, which has been treated as the lead petition.
That will be for the Inquiry Committee to decide.
The second prayer is to declare Muslim Women Protection of Rights on Divorce Act, 1986 as void being arbitrary and discriminatory and in violation of Articles 14 and 15 and Articles 44, 38 39 and 39-A of the Constitution of India.
That is a socio-economic question.
The right to the enjoyment of a private reputation, unassailed by malicious slander is of ancient origin, and is necessary to human society.
NIOS allows a candidate to apply again in a subject which he / she has already passed for improvement of performance but only once in Public Examination.
The deceased- husband, as expected, trusted the wife, Ruma Bora, and such an emotional trust has always been regarded as a great complement to any person.
The deceased- husband, as expected, trusted the wife, Ruma Bora, and such an emotional trust has always been regarded as a great complement to any person.
As far as acquittal of the appellant by a criminal court is concerned, in our opinion, the said order does not preclude the Corporation from taking an action if it is otherwise permissible.
However, we have already noticed that there were no permanent posts contemplated under the FTC Scheme.
Bone mass is maintained at a progressive and then constant level until around the age of thirty - five.
In view of the fact that both had become US citizens by 06.12.2016, they were not eligible for adoption as Indian prospective adoptive parents living in India.
The High Court also opined that in view of the declaration contained under sub-section (11) of , which was inserted by the 53 of 2000, the entire becomes inoperative w.e.f.
It was urged before us on behalf of the Society that the compensation determined is inadequate.
The Court held that the effect of the French rule was only to bar the remedy and that the French rule was no defence to the English action.
We have already noticed the decision in Indra Sawhney (supra) as having laid down that a provision for reservation can be incorporated in an executive order.
The Punjab and Haryana High Court rejected the contention urged by Sandhu and that gave rise to appeals which were decided by this Court.
The Punjab and Haryana High Court rejected the contention urged by Sandhu and that gave rise to appeals which were decided by this Court.
Apart from this, the Tribunal held that the appellant had claimed Rs.64 crores by way of full and final settlement (para 55) and that the appellant was in default in not opening letter of credit and not paying Rs.519 crores.
We are unable to agree with the submissions of the learned counsel for the appellant that if such an interpretation is given to , it would render nugatory.
A rate of pay for a standard work period exclusive of such additional payments as bonuses and overtime.
To illustrate, the first Lok Sabha from 1952-57 had 677 sittings in which 319 bills were passed.
Further he made a clear statement that the injury sustained by him was due to the fall into the hole dug for constructing a latrine, where some instruments caused the injury sustained by him.
The average interest rate of repayment payable during the tariff year is to be applied on 50:50 normative debt capital for tariff purposes.
The Lodha Committee relied upon territoriality as a determining factor for the grant of full membership.
It is submitted that the offences under Section 5(m) of POCSO Act have been fully proved.
It is submitted that the offences under Section 5(m) of POCSO Act have been fully proved.
The presence of the human-spermatozoa in the rectum of the deceased has been held to be a definite proof of fact that the boy has been subjected to the carnal intercourse against the course of nature.
Therefore, the question of development thereof would not arise.
Employer 's contribution to NPS on behalf of the employee is treated as perquisite in the hands of the employees, but is deductible u / s80CCD (2) of the Income tax Act, 1961 to the extent of 10% of basic salary.
But as I have just emphasized, the private sector would have to take more initiatives to find sustainable solutions.
Shri Sundaram has argued that rights have to be traced directly to those expressly stated in the fundamental rights chapter of the Constitution for such rights to receive protection, and privacy is not one of them.
From 28.8.1995 he remained continuously absent from duty without any intimation to the employer and did not respond to the repeated memoranda/reminders requiring him to explain his unauthorized absence from duty and to rejoin duty.
Such a contention does not find force in the light of the fact that doctrine of ‘Unbroken Package’ has not only been discredited by Indian Courts, but also by the American Courts.
That the SoK may construct a new dam, at its own expense to serve its own perceptions, if techno-economically cleared by the Planning Commission, and cleared by MoEF in accordance of their regulations.
In the facts of the case the parties shall bear their own costs.
He grabbed Gurdev Singh by his arms while the second appellant Ravinder Singh alias Khanna took out a gatra kirpan, which he was wearing and stabbed Gurdev Singh with the gatra kirpan on the left side of his neck.
He grabbed Gurdev Singh by his arms while the second appellant Ravinder Singh alias Khanna took out a gatra kirpan, which he was wearing and stabbed Gurdev Singh with the gatra kirpan on the left side of his neck.
Dr. Anirudh Gokhale (PW-23) was the medical officer on duty at Sion Hospital.
Accordingly, the dissenting judgment stands concurred.
The use of the word “and  does not assist the interpretation that the provisions are conjunctive.
All these considerations make out a case for setting up of a stable Regulatory mechanism.
This 'abode of Gods' includes many shrines and places of pilgrimage.
The differences between the spouses got settled amicably in April-May 2001.
Thereafter the elder brother who was staying in another house at some distance from the house of the victim was caught and dragged to the courtyard of the accused where the accused cut him into pieces.
Finding information by simply searching the Internet is considered much easier and faster than reading an entire book.
The prescribed authority can grant an eligibility certificate but he has to keep in view the terms and conditions stipulated in the notification.
In this case, the appellant may not have made an application to refer the parties to arbitration at Singapore but has filed an affidavit in reply to the notice of motion and has stated in paragraphs 3, 4 and 5 of this affidavit that the defendant had already invoked the arbitration agreement in the Facilitation Deed and the arbitration proceedings have commenced and that the suit was an abuse of the process of court.
I in the 7th Schedule whereas the Bombay and Kerala Acts have been enacted by the State Legislatures concerned under Entry 54 in List II in the 7th Schedule.
In fact, Clause 28 deals with not only the seat of Arbitration but also provides that there shall be two Arbitrators, one appointed by the charterers and one by the owners and they shall appoint an Umpire, in case there is no agreement.
Studios (P) Ltd. filed a suit on 08.05.1979 in the Court of Small Causes, Bombay, for a declaration that Natraj Studios (P) Ltd. was a monthly tenant of the studios and for fixation of standard rent and other reliefs.
We, accordingly, direct all the magistrates in the country to faithfully discharge the aforesaid duty and obligation and further make it clear that any failure to fully discharge the duty would amount to dereliction in duty and would make the concerned magistrate liable to departmental proceedings.
By no stretch of imagination can a writ in the nature of habeas corpus or mandamus or quo warranto or prohibition or certiorari be equated with the power of superintendence.
By no stretch of imagination can a writ in the nature of habeas corpus or mandamus or quo warranto or prohibition or certiorari be equated with the power of superintendence.
Marketing concept is a wider term which includes selling.
Waiver can be inferred only if and after it is shown that the party knew about the relevant facts and was aware of his right to take the objection in question.
It was said: “Whether the scheme for payment of minimum bonus is the best in the circumstances, or a more equitable method could have been devised so as to avoid in certain cases undue hardship is irrelevant to the enquiry in hand.
On the other hand by its representation and conduct it has accepted the rate as workable rate.
The challenge was rejected by the Supreme Court on the ground that the screening test/preliminary examination conducted by the Public Service Commission for shortlisting the candidates for the main written examination, had no statutory basis and that a relaxation or concession given at the preliminary stage cannot have any relevance in determining the merit of the candidate.
As the toms are sensitive to handling, the same operator should be used to get maximum volume of semen.
This clause plainly applies to the present case.
Both sustained serious injuries.
It also appears from the record that appellants and they have spent a considerable period in custody and nothing was brought on record to show that they are the habitual offenders and/or that it was not their first offence.
Indian civilization has been known for innovations.
Despite such notice, the appellant was not impleaded as a party.
It is absolutely clear that the benefit and advantage was given under the circular and not under the notification dated 07.03.1994, which was lucid and couched in different terms.
The scope of the chapter is wider.
In view thereof, we do not find any force in this appeal.
No question relating to this contract shall be brought before any civil court without first invoking and completing the arbitration proceedings, if the issue is covered by the scope of arbitration under this contract.
No question relating to this contract shall be brought before any civil court without first invoking and completing the arbitration proceedings, if the issue is covered by the scope of arbitration under this contract.
At the same time, any action in exercise of the power under any enactment which has been declared to be invalid by a court cannot be made valid by a by merely saying so unless the defect which has been pointed out by the court is removed with retrospective effect.
Spot map would be admissible so far as it indicates all that the Inspector saw himself at the spot.
The plaintiff could not pay the cost within the stipulated time and prayed for extension of time which was not extended.
At the time of taking cognizance, the court has to see whether a prima facie case is made out to proceed against the accused.
In the case of the university or an educational institution, the nature of the activity is, ex hypothesis, education which is a service to the community.
It connotes gold or silver regarded as raw material and it may be either in the form of raw gold or silver or ingots or bars of gold or silver.
It depicts situations that highlight usage of expressions such as Paying through the nose, Poking the nose, to effectively drive home a point of discussion, argument and other forms of interaction.
These judgments do not help the cause of the appellants because the High Court has given clear and cogent reasons to show that the judgment of the Trial Court was perverse and not based on the evidence on record.
The exporter is required to be registered with the appropriate Export Promotion Council to avail of this benefit.
In our opinion, has no application to the facts of the present case.
She showed that she was a leader with nerves of steel, fully equipped to lead India through any challenge.
Justice should be speedy, accessible and affordable.
On seeing them, accused persons fled away from the spot.
Further, it was pointed out that it is a customary practice that the pilgrims directly handover the amount in the hands of the Khadims, which the Khadims would share with Dewan, for which, it was stated by the learned senior counsel appearing for the petitioners, that they will keep separate accounts and, if necessary, in the presence of the Durgah Committee.
P-69-receipt was written by his father.
IT with such a humanitarian perspective will lead to a society where peace and harmony obtain.
In that case, this Court reprimanded the High Court for having reduced the sentence of the accused convicted under IPC from 10 years' imprisonment to 5 years without recording any reasons for the same.
It would depend upon the nature of the scheme and object of public purpose sought to be achieved.
He also argued that the High Court was influenced by irrelevant factors like extent of share holding of HMCL, Japan in the assessee which was of no relevance.
As noticed earlier, the appellant (Anand) did not file any appeal against the award passed by the Tribunal for enhancement of compensation amount and the cross objection filed by him in the appeal filed by the Insurance Company came to be dismissed for non- prosecution.
In the said partition, ‘A schedule’ property was allotted to Narayanaswamy and Manickam (who was then a minor), while the remaining 50% of the property left in ‘B schedule’ was allotted to Chokalingam.
The application would thus depend upon the peculiar facts and circumstances of each case.
In order to dissuade Kalyan Singh and Bani Singh, the accused respondents Phal Singh and Harcharan fired in the air.
This is extendable by the Central Government only in special circumstances, and only by a further period of 6 months, and no more (Clause 5.10 of the WTO Agreement).
He shall then consult the Federal Society.
On the reading of this section, the Court held that it gives specific power to the Industrial/Labour Courts to declare that an unfair labour practice has been engaged and to direct those persons not only to cease and desist from such unfair labour practice but also to take affirmative action.
On the reading of this section, the Court held that it gives specific power to the Industrial/Labour Courts to declare that an unfair labour practice has been engaged and to direct those persons not only to cease and desist from such unfair labour practice but also to take affirmative action.
The Fundamental Freedom of speech and expression guarantied (sic) by the Constitution is no less important than the freedom of judgment to move freely throughout the Territory of India.
Since the High Court has expunged those remarks, we would not like to reopen the issue.
The Policy envisages an_ effective institutional mechanism and_ structure for enabling’ the disbursement of ECCE.
I also call upon you to play a key role in realizing the objectives of the ‘Digital India’ programme in this region.
Therefore, Respondent 1 was squarely covered under the definition of ‘owner’ as contained in Section 2(30) of the 1988 Act.
The second sentence of imposes a positive obligation on the States to provide legal protection of the right to life.
Both are the cases of BRTS corridor project.
PW-27 has deposed that the prosecutrix was on oxygen support at the time of recording the second dying declaration.
Digitization of all the records / licenses.
The main Kamakhya temple and the subsidiary temples in and around the three Hills of Nilachal are collectively known under the general name of “Kamakhya .
President of India Shri Pranab Mukherjee participated in the Diamond Jubilee Celebrations of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly today (30 November, 2012).
She also alleged that around 5.30 a.m. on 1st March, 1996 her husband doused her in kerosene from behind and set her on fire and later on he tried to save her when she raised alarm and on doing so his hands got burnt.
No case has been set up in the plaint to show that Kumari Sneh Lata had spent the money in the construction of the house.
The appellants shall immediately hand over the Demand Drafts, which they have produced in Court, to SEBI, for a total sum of ` 5120/- Crores and deposit the balance in terms of the order of 31st August, 2012, namely, ` 17,400/- Crores and the entire amount, including the amount mentioned above, together with interest at the rate of 15 per cent, per annum, with SEBI, in two installments.
A prudent analysis of evidence of PW-1 would clearly suggest that there are no discrepancies in his evidence and rather it abundantly makes clear that he is a wholly reliable witness and his evidence is trustworthy.
M.G.Road Branch for obtaining the loan.
Mathematical exactness or precision is hardly a workable constitutional requirement.
The Court will have to frame the question afresh at the time of hearing.
Though the aforesaid decision was rendered interpreting of the Family Courts Act, 1984, yet the principle stated therein would be applicable, for the same is in consonance with the principle stated by the Constitution Bench in Khatoon Nisa (supra).
The vice of illegal collection in the absence of the removal of the illegality which led to the invalidation of the earlier assessments on the basis of illegal levy, continues to taint the earlier levy.
The vice of illegal collection in the absence of the removal of the illegality which led to the invalidation of the earlier assessments on the basis of illegal levy, continues to taint the earlier levy.
Where the investigative agency is of the opinion that the detainee or person in custody is guilty of the commission of a crime, he is charged of it and thereupon arrested.
Quality of grain is good.
Banana helps overcome or prevent a number of illness.
Be it stated, some reliefs were claimed with regard to the TA bills and salary for certain period.
All the other parameters are within the consent conditions prescribed by TNPCB.
The Division Bench, even though found merits in the contention of the appellants that there was no material to doubt the bonafides of the concerned officials who had conducted the Court Martial Proceedings, yet declined to interfere with the decision of the learned Single Judge of remitting back the Court Martial Proceedings because it was not in a position to give a positive finding as to whether the Annexures 19 and 24 relied by the respondent were forged and fabricated (which were indicative of the fact that the respondent was not accepting his guilt and instead wanted to engage a private counsel to defend himself).
It provides for payment of superannuation benefits as would be due otherwise.
In dealing with the validity of the provision, it is necessary to understand the nature of the constitutional right which LGBT individuals claim.
However, to facilitate PACS in taking up these activities for the benefit of the farmers, need based grant support will be available to PACS which should not be utilised towards the capital cost of the project.
The President and the Governor are a part of the Union or the legislatures of the States.
In fact, the finger is pointed only towards the higher echelons of the police, who seem to have been under the influence of the accused persons.
The validity of this provision was upheld by the Supreme Court.
The Division Bench of the High Court, however, held that the opinion of the Lokayukta in the report cannot be construed to be final or conclusive as it was a fact finding enquiry and a detailed enquiry is yet to be made after affording opportunity of hearing to the person against whom complaint is made.
Leave was granted by the Tribunal vide orders dated August 24, 2012.
The material must be acknowledged as Government copyright and the title of the document specified.
Significantly, there is no mention of consultation with anybody from civil society.
TTo develop and introduce need-based and region-specific engineering technologies to achieve sustainable enhanced productivity and profitability of different farming systems.
Learned Single Judge was of the opinion that in view of the setting aside of the order dated 26.06.2012, payment of salary is automatic, which view of the Single Judge is not correct.
On these lines, the Travancore-Cochin Medical Practitioners Act, 1953 was enacted with an object to regulate the qualifications and provide for the registration of practitioners of modern medicine and to enact a law relating to medical practitioners generally in the State of Travancore-Cochin.
Approximately some 6000 allotments were cancelled without any further enquiry and opportunity to any one of the allottees.
Further, by providing that ex-parte interim injunction orders can be given by a Magistrate to stop child marriages the new law is a definite improvement over the old law which stipulated that no interim injunction orders could be passed without notice.
It is plain that the intent to screen the offender committing an offence must be the primary and sole aim of the accused.
A contrario Shri Rai would support the judgment and order passed by the Courts below convicting the appellants of the aforesaid offence and sentencing them to death.
For the foregoing reasons, we allow this appeal, set aside the impugned judgment passed by the High Court and restore the judgment of the trial Court.
So far about 826 eminent personalities from various fields tendered their evidence before the Committee.
Since inception and up to 31stDecember, 2011, the Central Government has collected more than Rs. 99248 crore as cess (Annexure - I).
The earlier judgment of the High Court in the writ petition clearly merged in the judgment of the High Court dismissing the review petition.
The earlier judgment of the High Court in the writ petition clearly merged in the judgment of the High Court dismissing the review petition.
The present is a case where cess in question is levied in respect of goods and services tax, the definition of cess as given in Compensation to States Act, 2017 in Section 2(c) states “cess means the goods and services tax compensation cess levied under section 8 .
The safest way of approach to the interpretation and application of these provisions seems to be to keep in focus the keywords used in the various clauses of these sections.
Much has been done but that is not enough.
Even the conclusion recorded by this Court does not really throw any light.
He was humble but had a mighty mind.
Though there have been some positive judgments under the Act saying that deterrent punishment should be awarded, courts have given extremely light punishments and let off the accused with small fines.% ’®’ Under the old CMRA a police officer had no powers to arrest without a warrant or an order of the Magistrate.
The leaves may be computed on an yearly or monthly basis.
The Goa State Coastal Committee for Environment, the then competent body constituted a sub-committee which inspected the site and found that the entire construction raised by the appellant fell within 200 metres of HTL and the construction had been carried out on existing sand dunes.
The word law is wide enough to include both fiscal and non-fiscal legislations.
Hence, the judgment of the Hon’ble Court produced on behalf of the Applicant/Defendant are applicable on the present case.
If the dispute is an industrial dispute arising out of a right or liability under the general or common law and not under the Act, the jurisdiction of the civil Court is alternative, leaving it to the election of the suitor concerned to choose his remedy for the relief which is competent to be granted in a particular remedy.
As there were doubts with regard to stoppage of medical care which may incur a criminal liability, a declaration from the British High Court was sought to resolve the doubts.
The Navy has also been our nation’s ambassador of goodwill and friendship across the globe.
According to the prosecution, a minor girl aged about 3½ years went missing on 08.01.2006 while she was playing in front of her house.
The religion forming the basis of the appeal to vote or refrain from voting for any person, must be of that candidate for whom the appeal to vote or refrain from voting is made.
Chapter V records responses in brief of the parties to the issues framed by EC.
It might have been open to the Legislature to limit or restrict the right of inheritance with regard to the tenancy as the Legislature had done in the case of the tenancies with regard to the residential houses but it would not have been open to the Legislature to alter under the , the law of succession regarding the business which is a valuable heritable right and which must necessarily devolve on all the heirs in accordance with law.
Another requirement is the existence of at least two charge sheets which have been taken cognizance of by competent Courts.
Vide order dated 21.08.2009, the Tribunal dismissed his application.
The dogs must be provided with Collars and Chains.
There may be ‘bad behaviour’, or ‘deviant behaviour’ which needs only correction but not removal.
Nothing prevents Government Officers from passing orders in Hindi.
As the proposal would reflect, the appellant had not provided the information that it had carried out the drilling in the aforesaid Mine, namely, Mata No Madh.
The Lt. Governor, as mentioned earlier, accepted the same and issued a letter.
18) The appeal is disposed of with the above directions.
The Product Certification Scheme of BIS aims to provide the Third Party Guarantee of quality, safety and reliability of products to the ultimate consumers.
Proportionality requires the court to judge whether action taken was really needed as well as whether it was within the range of courses of action which could reasonably be followed.
It has been further observed that the interpretation of the Constitution cannot be frozen by its original understanding, for the Constitution has evolved and must continuously evolve to meet the aspirations and challenges of the present and the future.
It has been further observed that the interpretation of the Constitution cannot be frozen by its original understanding, for the Constitution has evolved and must continuously evolve to meet the aspirations and challenges of the present and the future.
Along with recommending amendments to other sections of the Act 1872, the Commission reiterated the aforesaid recommendation of section 114B, but with a modification to provide the meaning of the expression ‘police officer’ for the purpose of the section.
The system provides for buffer storage for 1 - 2 non - sunny / cloudy days.
We have been informed by the learned Solicitor General that today as many as 2147 formulations are manufactured in the country.
Requisite experience, consequent exposure and appropriate review are indispensable for according promotion and the petitioner, therefore, cannot be given promotions as claimed by him on the basis that his batchmates have earned such promotions.
As stipulated in Rajasthan Police Service Rules, 1954 (for short “the Rules ) the R.P.S. cadre is divided into four categories and the lowest category is in the junior scale.
The said contingent right created a right in the employees to claim pension, at the time of their retirement.
While India continues to follow its traditional policy on Palestine, it sees that the framework of partnership can be reinforced through three principal pillars -closer political interaction; deeper economic engagement and academic collaboration and wider cultural contacts and people-to-people exchanges.
Officers deemed to be acting judicially.
The terrorist act includes an act which constitutes an offence within the scope of, and as defined in any of the treaties specified in the Second Schedule.
From 1991 onwards, our growth rate rose to an average of 7%.
Mr. D.N. Ray, learned counsel appearing for the Gujarat State Bar Council would propound with all the thrust at his command that BCI has unfettered jurisdiction to pass such an order inasmuch as it is the apex statutory body under the Act and it possesses plenary powers and, in any case, the language of the statutory provision does not create any impediment for the same.
The Constitution is not – as it could not have been - oblivious to religion.
In the first place, it was emphasised that insofar as dragging of COAI into this investigation is concerned, it was sought to be justified by placing reliance on of the Act which specifically recognises possible mischief by an association of persons or an association of enterprises.
The agreements entered into by the Rulers of the States with the Government of India were simple documents relating to the accession and the integration and the “assurances and guarantees  given under those documents were only for the fixation of the privy purses and the recognition of the privileges.
In this background, and in relation to the appointment of judges of the Supreme Court, it was concluded that (1) Only persons who enjoy the highest reputation for independence, dispassionate approach and detachment should be elevated to the Supreme Court.
The same answer as has been given hereinabove, i.e. that allottees, like individual financial creditors who are already on the Committee of Creditors, are to have a voice in determining the corporate debtor and their own future.
Stay of proceedings at any rate cannot and should not be a matter of course.
Stay of proceedings at any rate cannot and should not be a matter of course.
When they leave the military service, as an ex-serviceman, they not only get the benefit of appointment to the civilian post against the quota earmarked for them, they are also getting the benefit of counting of military service when their pay is fixed on their appointment to the civilian post.
Location and Benches of IAT The Principal Bench of the Insurance Appellate Tribunal (IAT) should be in New Delhi.
In both the procedures care is taken so that graft or nucleus does not come out of the pocket.
The short-listing of the candidates was done by the Director of the Institute in consultation with the Chairman after informal consultation with senior Professors for evolving the criteria for short-listing of the candidates.
The short-listing of the candidates was done by the Director of the Institute in consultation with the Chairman after informal consultation with senior Professors for evolving the criteria for short-listing of the candidates.
From barely one million ton of steel production at the time of independence, we now produce over 90 million ton annually.
In this view of the matter, some restriction by the High Court towards loss of earning or disallowance of expenses of medicines, do not make out a case for interference because, as observed, the ultimate award amount is not grossly inadequate in the given set of facts and circumstances.
In this view of the matter, some restriction by the High Court towards loss of earning or disallowance of expenses of medicines, do not make out a case for interference because, as observed, the ultimate award amount is not grossly inadequate in the given set of facts and circumstances.
An inference as to consent can be drawn if only based on evidence or probabilities of the case.
Prohibiting Advocacy of Hatred!3° 6.27 Freedom of speech and expression has been established as a key freedom required for sustaining democracy.
In particular, he argued that the conceded position is that 25 months delay was due to the DDA alone.
In particular, he argued that the conceded position is that 25 months delay was due to the DDA alone.
Deposition of PW-95, therefore, corroborates with the confession of A-134, that Uttam Poddar arranged labour for loading and unloading of goods at Dighi on 09.01.1993 and that landing took place on the same day.
Column 7 of the G.L.R. would indicate that the landlord is the Central Government.
Char - dhams, the four most sacred and revered Hindu temples Badrinath, Kedarnath, Gangotri and Yamunotri; Sikh 's Hemkund Sahib, nestled in the mighty mountains, are some of the important pilgrimages.
We are also of the opinion that there is nothing so outlandish or farfetched in the statement made by respondent No.4 that “such higher-level posts are generally not advertised .
The land covered thereby vests in HUDA free from all encumbrances.
The land covered thereby vests in HUDA free from all encumbrances.
The pre- trial dates for parties taking various steps are heard by a single judge on the commercial side.
The user can go to a nearby Post Office and pay their utility bills.
In support of the said contention, reference was made to the deposition of PW-13, the Investigating Officer.
In Principles of Statutory Interpretation, Justice G.P. Singh, Thirteenth Edition, 2012, at p.482, it has been stated as follows: 'Even where there is not much indication in the Act of the ground upon which discretion is to be exercised it does not mean that its exercise is dependent upon mere fancy of the Court or Tribunal or Authority concerned.
Firstly, we will examine whether the extra-judicial confession which is a weak kind of evidence, inspire the confidence.
It was held that the day on which the alleged offence was committed was to be excluded from the computation of the calendar month within which the complaint was to be made; that the complaint was, therefore, made in time.
A charge sheet dated 03.07.1992 was issued to the employee leveling 19 charges against him.
Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs.
By the impugned judgment dated 12.6.2015, the Bombay High Court appointed a retired Judge of the said High Court, namely Dr. Justice S. Radhakrishnan, as substitute arbitrator.
Therefore, taking this equitable ground also in consideration with the legal basis in the claim of the employees, we are of the view that BHALCO is liable to pay all the arrears of salary to the employees who have no been absorbed by the JHALCO till date and also to the heirs of the deceased employees who died during this period.
Mortgagee’s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld to change the flag and/or the name of the Vessel during the Charter Period.
PESO had conceived the project on “Establishment of Fireworks Research & Development Centre (FRDC)   at Sivakasi, being the hub of Fireworks manufacturing activities; catering to 90% of demand of fireworks of entire Country.
PW 2 Mangi Lal happened to be with Shivji Ram in his land and he has witnessed the occurrence.
S64 UL Power to remove difficulties: The words “Central Government  may be replaced by the word ‘Authority’.
As can be seen from the bare reading of the aforesaid provision, sub- section (1) of puts an embargo on an enterprise or association of enterprises or person or association of persons from entering into any agreement in respect of production, supply, distribution, storage, acquisition or control of goods or provisions of services which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition within India.
On 2nd April, I left for Mauritious for shooting of the film ‘Aatish’.
Thereafter, PW-1, the informant, took PW-80, S.I. Pratibha Sharma, to the spot from where he and the prosecutrix had boarded the bus.
Presently this course is conducted only in Headquarter, Delhi. Different offices can nominate their officers / employees for this training.
In contrast, the market share of the MNCs increased from 38 per cent in 1952 to 68 per cent in 1970 (the table above).
As against the aforesaid aggravating circumstances, learned counsel for the accused-appellant could not point to us even a single mitigating circumstance.
In Bennion on Statutory Interpretation[68], the need for a balance between the traditional view supporting the exclusion of the enacting history of a statute and the more realistic contemporary doctrine allowing its use as an aid to statutory interpretation has been brought out succinctly.
One can also access cause lists, judgements, orders, notifications and check the status of pending cases in the court.
Lord Diplock said at p. 647: “My Lords, bearing in mind, the relative gravity of the consequences of the Court’s expectation being falsified in one way or in the other, I do not think that the test of applicability of para (c) is that the Court must be satisfied that it is more likely than not that the figutive will be detained or restricted if he is returned.
It was held, relying on that decision that since powers under the CPC could be exercised by the Court, an election petition could be summarily dismissed if it did not disclose a cause of action.
Certificate of a project having been successfully implemented and made operational, as per the Sanction Order, shall have to be provided by the State Nodal Agency, after obtaining the same from the Village Energy Committee, before release of the final installment.
By Judgment dated 03.09.1998, the first Appellate Court dismissed the appeal and affirmed the judgment/decree of the Trial Court giving rise to filing of the second appeals by the State in the High Court.
It is, therefore, solemn duty of the court to strike a proper balance while awarding the sentence as awarding lesser sentence encourages any criminal and, as a result of the same, the society suffers.
It is, therefore, solemn duty of the court to strike a proper balance while awarding the sentence as awarding lesser sentence encourages any criminal and, as a result of the same, the society suffers.
TADA, as he had visited Pakistan alongwith other co-conspirators via Dubai and underwent training in handling of arms, ammunition and explosives with the object of committing terrorist acts and even attended the meetings at the residences of Nazir Ahmed Anwar Shaikh @ Babloo (AA) and Mubina Bai where plans for committing terrorist acts were discussed/finalised.
See also: Dattajirao Bhausaheb Patil v. The State of Maharashtra, (1971) 3 SCC 410; Woodfall (1770) 5 Burr.
Pupil-Teacher Ratio.
This is normally the domain of municipality or a locally body.
Be careful with interpersonal issues.
Of these, the tremendous potential for investment opportunities exists in the information technology and tourism sectors, which have huge employment and export avenues.
Tulsiram Prajapati’s case were crucial to unearth the “larger conspiracy  regarding the Sohrabuddin’s case which despite being sought were not given by the State of Gujarat.
Rule 67, sub-rules (1), (2) and (3), is traceable in this case which reads thus: 5) There shall be provided and maintained sufficient utensils, crockery, cutlery, furniture and any other equipment necessary for efficient running of the canteen.
As members of the Commonwealth, we share a bond and an affinity.
Accordingly, subject to fulfilling the abovementioned conditions, the sale transaction would be completed within limit prescribed.
Accordingly, subject to fulfilling the abovementioned conditions, the sale transaction would be completed within limit prescribed.
American Convention contains any exception permitting non-enforcement of an award simply because the arbitrators got their decision on the substance of the parties’ dispute wrong, or even badly wrong.
In addition, being financial creditors, they are entitled to be represented in the Committee of Creditors by authorised representatives.
In such a situation, it cannot be said as a general proposition that unless the tax collected is reflected in the account books of the dealer, it cannot be said to have been collected.
In this context, suffice it to say that it is the law enforcing agencies which have to survey, prevent and prosecute.
It arises out of an eviction matter.
The notice contemplated under was given after 3/3/1965, that is after the period of six months had expired.
We see no real difference between the fundamental right to health of a worker and the human right to health of any other citizen of the country, particularly children who perhaps need more care and attention.
The questions before the High Court were whether the Governor had the power to prorogue the Legislative Assembly and to dismiss the Chief Minister.
This Division is responsible for arranging draw - down of funds against all Loans and Grant Agreements concluded by Credit Divisions with various multi - lateral and bilateral agencies.
Therefore, the respondent has prayed for dismissal of the petition filed by the appellant praying for grant of decree of divorce against her.
After hearing both sides, the Special Court held that it had no jurisdiction to frame charges under Sections 3 and 4 of MCOCA and discharged the Respondents.
From the aforesaid exposition of law it is clear as noon day that the jurisdiction of the High Court while issuing a writ of quo warranto is a limited one and can only be issued when the person holding the public office lacks the eligibility criteria or when the appointment is contrary to the statutory rules.
Deductions in respect of certain incomes of Offshore Banking Units and International Financial Services Centre.
Further, the explanation requires the derivative to 'differ significantly in properties with regard to efficacy'.
Needless to say, legislation, alone, cannot emancipate our women.
The appellant is the plaintiff/decree holder and the respondent is the defendant/judgment debtor.
In the chapter thereafter (Chapter XIII), we shall consider the responses and give our recommendations.
One Ganga Singh produced another bottle containing spurious liquor which was seized and sealed.
In the process of manufacturing stainless steel utensils, some portion of the steel, which can not be used or reused for manufacturing utensils, remains unused, which is treated as scrap and the respondent-assessee disposes of the said scrap in the local market and the income arising from the said sale is also reflected in the profit and loss account.
She also not stated that what was the degree of injury.
The respondents are the grand children of late Sirigiri Vishwanadham, who continued to occupy the suit premises as the tenants of the appellants.
It is also not settled in Australia whether the Governor General in Council will be bound to act in accordance with an address by both Houses.
The answer to the submissions is simple: the appellant did not at any stage challenge the appointment of the respondent to the post of JDTP nor did he challenge the GR dated 20 March 2003 providing for consequential seniority.
The parties may choose some other method for the purpose of resolving any dispute that may arise between them.
To promote organic farming, Paramparagat Krishi Vikas Yojana is being implemented under which 8,000 clusters have been developed so far.
The Investigating Officer was examined and cross-examined.
A suit cannot be shortcircuited by deciding issues of fact merely on pleadings and documents produced without a trial.
The best men are not those who have waited for chances but who have taken them; besieged the chance; conquered the chance; and made chance the servitor.
The best men are not those who have waited for chances but who have taken them; besieged the chance; conquered the chance; and made chance the servitor.
25.In view of the aforesaid, we affirm the judgment of the High Court on this issue and dismiss all these appeals of the Revenue.
25.In view of the aforesaid, we affirm the judgment of the High Court on this issue and dismiss all these appeals of the Revenue.
As stated earlier, scientific conclusions are based on the ‘data’ and ‘procedures’ applied by the scientific institutions concerned.
It needs to be emphasised that it is not the contract of insurance which is being interpreted.
We have used figures for the last 3 years, i.e., 2010-12 because we have the most comprehensive dataset for this period for the highest number of Courts.
The learned single Judge also records that it has not been the case of Yusuf Abdul Gani that Reflect Geophysical is a de facto owner of the ship sought to be arrested and the position of an owner of a ship is different from a demised charter when it comes to the arrest of a vessel owned or chartered.
The learned single Judge also records that it has not been the case of Yusuf Abdul Gani that Reflect Geophysical is a de facto owner of the ship sought to be arrested and the position of an owner of a ship is different from a demised charter when it comes to the arrest of a vessel owned or chartered.
Although the Government of India did not appear in these proceedings on the ground that their consent, required under the relevant treaty, had not been obtained before instituting these proceedings, their views regarding the nonapplication of the of 1928 to India-Pakistan were made clear to the Court by a communication dated 4 June 1973 from the Indian Ambassador at The Hague.
The mode of payment of duty through Cenvat Credit is as good as making payment through account current.
Thus, there is virtually a consensus in the society that crackers should not be burnt during Diwali, which can be celebrated with equal fervour by various other means as well.
The suit is only at its nascent stage.
In the absence of any document evidencing the experience in the field in question in favour of BVG India Ltd., the appellants are justified in contending that the High Court is not correct in increasing the marks from 5 to 7 under the head of number of years of experience and expertise.
It provides payout against adverse rainfall incidence (both deficit & excess) during Kharif and adverse incidence in weather parameters like frost, heat, relative humidity, un - seasonal rainfall etc. during Rabi.
Inamdar (supra), quoted above, that admissions to private unaided professional educational institutions can be made on the basis of merit of candidates determined in the common entrance test followed by centralised counseling by the institutions imparting same or similar professional education together or by the State or by an agency which must enjoy utmost credibility and expertise and that the common entrance test followed by centralised counselling must satisfy the triple test of being fair, transparent and non-exploitative.
This historical background has an impact on understanding the subsequent debate in the Constituent Assembly that took place on 23rd and 24th May, 1949 when of the Draft Constitution was considered and debated in the Constituent Assembly.
He also told me that Poonga Nagar Manickam of Perambur is coming to my office.
The statute does not define adverse possession, it is a common law concept, the period of which has been prescribed statutorily under the law of limitation as 12 years.
Make the first impression professional, concise, and informative because the reader may spend only a few minutes reviewing each plan.
When this situation is reached, it is possible to assume that the person is dead, even though he or she, through mechanical stimulation, may be able to breathe, his or her heart might be able to beat, and he or she may be able to take some form of nourishment.
This Court in the case of , (1988) Supp.
Our Government is committed to working with partners in Africa in all areas where we can help them to use and adapt relevant, cost effective technologies, share best practices and realise their goals of technological development.
Section 151 of the Code provides that nothing in the Code shall be deemed to limit or otherwise affect the inherent powers of the court to make such orders as may be necessary for the ends of justice or to prevent the abuse of the process of the court.
Section 151 of the Code provides that nothing in the Code shall be deemed to limit or otherwise affect the inherent powers of the court to make such orders as may be necessary for the ends of justice or to prevent the abuse of the process of the court.
They not only invested as a promoter heavy amount but also provided the land allotted to Bihariji Ispat a sureka group company.
The appellants were consequently sentenced to undergo imprisonment for life apart from imprisonment for a period of three months under IPC as already noticed above.
Aggrieved by the said judgment, four companies, which are carrying on the business of manufacture and sale of cement in the State of Tamil Nadu, carried the matter to this Court in these appeals.
Rs.3,00,92,346 [without service tax].
Therefore, it becomes necessary, at this stage, to examine as to whether the order of CGIT, as affirmed by the learned Single Judge of the High Court directing regularization of their service, was justified or the approach of the Division Bench of the High Court in denying that relief is correct.
Therefore, it becomes necessary, at this stage, to examine as to whether the order of CGIT, as affirmed by the learned Single Judge of the High Court directing regularization of their service, was justified or the approach of the Division Bench of the High Court in denying that relief is correct.
The accused persons abjured their guilt and pleaded false implication due to animosity which was founded on the harassment of Har Singh in the Gram Sabha election that was contested by Gopal Singh.
Again, a Screening Committee was appointed, after due sanction from the Vice Chancellor of the University, to short-list the applications received for the posts of Lecturers.
Again, a Screening Committee was appointed, after due sanction from the Vice Chancellor of the University, to short-list the applications received for the posts of Lecturers.
On receipt of Scrolls and Challans, It has to be tallied with the Data transmitted by the Collecting Branches and duly consolidated data is to be transmitted to our Link cell, GBB Nagpur.
The plaint encompasses different causes of action with different set of defendants.
But courts will not allow these pragmatic considerations to override the legitimate rights of the defendant.
She has won several prizes for her art.
Procedure has always been viewed as the handmaid of justice and not meant to hamper the cause of justice or sanctify miscarriage of justice.
It has a large number of beautiful places in the form of forts, monuments, palaces, gardens, museums, bazaars, etc.
It was held that the evidence and the submissions of the Respondent indicate that she was unwilling to live in the Appellant’s house in Chennai, and that she wanted him to leave his family in India and live in the U.S. with her.
Shop no.2 was allotted in favour of the 5th respondent and he was granted licence to run the fair price shop.
The Magistrate had failed to apply his mind to the case of the appellants and the High Court had erred in not even adverting to the basic facts.
The appellant was dealing with Hawala money.
For this purpose, the learned counsel referred to the arguments of the tenant in that case recorded in paragraph 5 thereof with the submission that this very argument was specifically rejected.
Likewise, the party claiming compensation must give the best evidence to prove damages.
Bovine viral diarrhea virus 1 and 2. Multicentric programme on Buffalo Genomics was implemented with focus on identification of genes of economic importance.
Those who had not sought to challenge the legality of acts perhaps done years before could only rely on the ruling prospectively.
It helps us to maintain our individuality in the face of mounting pressures for standardized thinking and acting…….. Democratic Assemblies serve as safety valves for social tensions and prevent dangerous explosions.
Except that they are all mentioned in one list, each one of them stands on a separate level of competence as compared with another.
Absolute transfer of ownership in the gifted property in favour of the donee was absent in that case which led this Court to hold that the gift was conditional and had to become operative only after the death of the donee.
Absolute transfer of ownership in the gifted property in favour of the donee was absent in that case which led this Court to hold that the gift was conditional and had to become operative only after the death of the donee.
I am happy to learn that large Indian business delegations have participated in Trade fairs in Jordan and after the recently held Joint Commission meeting; the first Indo - Jordan CEOs Business Forum will be held in New Delhi later in the year.
No court in our considered view should even attempt to give a comprehensive definition of mental cruelty.
However, the present one is not a case where the tenant Suraj Prasad had during his lifetime taken up residence elsewhere and/or allowed the suit premises to be occupied by his brother.
Envoys of Cuba, Ireland, Hungary, Malta and United Arab Emirates presented their credentials to the President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee at a ceremony held in Rashtrapati Bhavan today (February 3, 2016).
It was further argued that sub-section (10) of obligates the Commissioner to record reasons in writing while extending the period.
In the present case it is compulsory retirement.
A Free Man’s Life 70 (1956).
She has identified the accused.
It has to be a tax on the premises or the property.
In our considered opinion there is no ambiguity in the aforesaid judgment passed by this Court.
In our considered opinion there is no ambiguity in the aforesaid judgment passed by this Court.
The IOC, accordingly, deposited the sum as directed.
The IOC, accordingly, deposited the sum as directed.
It will be noticed that Rule 2.2 does not obstruct the voluntary retirement to come into force automatically on the expiry of 3 months and it only enables withdrawal or withholding of pension subject to certain conditions, to a retired employee.
The claimant accordingly requested the Director of Public Prosecutions to undertake that he would not consent to such a prosecution under Section 2(4).
Though uniformity among the Roman Catholic Church is more or less maintained, the indigenous influence has made Christianity in India unique and different from its form in many other countries across the World.
At the same time, they must through their own example usher in socio-economic change.
The Indian Constitution establishes a welfare state.
Also, what is important is the addition, by way of amendment, of such beneficial owner holding not less than 10% of voting power.
A plan was enclosed detailing proposed division while certain areas and facilities were to be enjoyed in common.
Spending time in the beautiful landscape adds memorable memories in your life.
For more numbers of bathrooms, the capacity will increase accordingly due to pipe losses and more number of family members.
It has offered a number of fiscal reliefs and incentives as well as approved a large number of joint ventures, foreign collaborations, industrial licenses and 100% export oriented units (EOU) proposals in different food processing areas.
It was sought to be urged that in relation to a Union Territory, the Central government is the appropriate government.
The third is that while action was promptly taken against the probationer in Ram Ratan Yadav, within the period of probation, in this case even after knowing that the appellant had furnished wrong information, the respondents did not take any action for seven long years, which indicated that the Department proceeded for a long time on the assumption that the wrong information did not call for any disciplinary or punitive action.
The High Court, after discussing the respective contentions in detail, accepted the submissions of the Department and set aside the order of the CESTAT.
The High Court, after discussing the respective contentions in detail, accepted the submissions of the Department and set aside the order of the CESTAT.
These proceedings arise from a judgment of the High Court of Gujarat dated 23 February 2012 in an application filed by the Appellant challenging the punishment of dismissal imposed upon him upon a disciplinary inquiry.
The definition of “domestic violence  covers a range of violence which takes within its sweep “economic abuse  and the words “economic abuse , as the provision would show, has many a facet.
Second hand capital goods, without any restriction on age, may also be imported under the EPCG Scheme.
Dramas and street plays raised public awareness and understanding.
Explanation 2: When the conduct constituting an offence occurs wholly outside India, no proceedings under this Act shall commence without the previous sanction of the Central Government.
On his discharge from the hospital, the respondent was sent to JAK Rifles, Jabalpur.
In a more recent decision in Sanjeev Kumar Gupta v State of Uttar Pradesh10, this Court held that a common object does not always require a prior concert and it may form even on the spur of the moment.
Chapter V of the University Act deals with the 'Academic Council', the Faculties, the Boards and Studies, the Finance Committee and other Authorities.
Expenses or payments not deductible in certain circumstances.
The Buggery Act of 1533 was re-enacted in 1563 by Queen Elizabeth I, after which it became the charter for the subsequent criminalisation of sodomy in the British Colonies.
Their appointment was made for a temporary purpose in a temporary scheme created for speedy disposal of cases.
However, he was approached by 'some other passengers' for being taken to Narkanda.
Both parties, i.e., the appellant (School Management) and respondent No.1, filed documents and examined the witnesses in support of their case.
The second question too is, thus, answered in the affirmative and in favour of the petitioner.
P4, P6, P8 and PY however pertained to lands coming from villages Naharpur Kasan and Kasan.
It is also estimated, interestingly but disturbingly, that there are about 23 million child brides in the country.
The principle is that a party may waive a contract term if that term, if performed, is of benefit to him but not to the other party (or parties) to the contract.
The principle is that a party may waive a contract term if that term, if performed, is of benefit to him but not to the other party (or parties) to the contract.
We concur with the findings of the High Court that the investigating officer had helped the appellant by changing the place of occurrence to make it appear that the complainant party were the aggressors.
We concur with the findings of the High Court that the investigating officer had helped the appellant by changing the place of occurrence to make it appear that the complainant party were the aggressors.
But their vacant posts shall be omitted and same number of posts shall be created under the new arrangements/Rules and appointment on it shall be made under the new rules.
But their vacant posts shall be omitted and same number of posts shall be created under the new arrangements/Rules and appointment on it shall be made under the new rules.
It is further submitted by Mr. Nariman that rebate is nothing but refund of a part of the interest loaded upfront on the Working Capital.
A conjoint reading of the aforesaid two provisions would show that when a sale is made to the State of Karnataka, it is made to a dealer but that dealer is under no obligation to get itself registered under the TNVAT Act.
Learned counsel thus contends that while imposing tax by the state both the Articles 304(a) and 304(b) have to be complied with.
All the above decisions have followed the reasoning of Ram Naresh Pandey case and the principles settled in that decision were not doubted.
He stated that he was confident that the Unit will continue to strive for excellence with professional zeal and meet the high standards required as the ceremonial Army Guard.
The High Court has set aside the order passed by the learned Magistrate only on the basis of the statements of some of the witnesses examined by the Complainant.
Hence it harmonizes the need for a company to strike a balance at all times between the need to enhance shareholders' wealth whilst not in any way being detrimental to the interests of the other stakeholders in the company.
This aspect has not been considered or dealt with by the Division Bench.
Having grown nearly 32% in the decade ending 2011, the urban population is expected to be around 600 million by 2030 in a century which would see the majority of the people of this world living in cities.
Distrust on whole State machinery and judicial system cannot be accepted.
It may be even otherwise.
Appellants Nos.2 & 3, namely Aan Singh and Nain Singh are brothers of Bhim Singh and Appellant No.4, namely Janki Devi is the wife of Aan Singh (appellant No.2 herein).
It is a moral movement that steers people towards a life guided by ethics.
The Constitution Bench held that the notification did not prejudicially affect any vested rights and (by implication) its retrospective operation could not be looked upon with disfavour.
Though granted immunity from prosecution, a woman is forced to consider the prospect of the penal action that will attach upon the individual with whom she engages in a sexual act.
Further, it is proposed that this power should be with the central government and not the Authority.
As per Regulation 18.0 therein.
The death, according to him, was accidental and an unintentional one.
As already observed, the Respondent having been found guilty of causing death by his negligence, the High Court was not justified in reducing the sentence of imprisonment to 10 days without awarding any compensation to the heirs of the deceased.
In fact, this proposition does not seem to have been disturbed by the Constitution Bench in Dharam Pal (CB).
In the present case, no report or document of evaluation or study conducted by the MCD has been brought to the notice of the courts below or this Court to establish and prove that the concerned building is an appropriate premises to allow a non-residential or Mixed Use activity in residential premises.
In the present case, no report or document of evaluation or study conducted by the MCD has been brought to the notice of the courts below or this Court to establish and prove that the concerned building is an appropriate premises to allow a non-residential or Mixed Use activity in residential premises.
However, clause (2) of does not apply to the state legislatures.
Indisputably, the respondent No.3 had filed an application before the Assistant Custodian/Managing Officer (Evacuee Property), Board of Revenue, Lucknow, which highlighted two aspects.
The President said that the urge of students to undergo higher studies in premier institutions abroad to acquire greater expertise and widen their horizon is understandable.
Today the legal profession 1s one united profession entitled to practise throughout India.
A corrected reservation slip (Exh. 1096) was also prepared by the Hotel staff.
The principle contained in Rule 66, even if the said rule had not been provided for, would always be deemed to have been impliedly there.
The Division Bench had erroneously interpreted the Office Memorandum, since Clause (a) is the controlling provision, and Clause (c) in no way dilutes what is provided by Clause (a).
However, the said toll tax for Rajokri integrated toll plaza was said to be collected vide the mechanism set out under the SSA i.e. it will be collected by the NHAI’s Concessionaire and passed on to the Respondent-SMS AAMW.
From the time the case is filed till it is disposed of with judgment, the entire processing must take place electronically.
The Partnership Act; the Sale of Goods Act; the Negotiable Instruments Act; the Companies Act, though technically belonging to the Law of Contracts, have been covered by separate enactments.
It is important to ensure speedy and thorough investigation of allegations.
Thus a simplified law should be enacted on the subject in the light of this Convention.
At the said juncture, Videocon International Ltd. and Tapti Machines Pvt. Ltd. filed Writ Petition No.26564 of 2005 before the High Court of Karnataka.
When the prosecutrix requested the appellant to leave her back, then he said that they may wait for sometime.
We have heard learned counsel for the appellants on the one hand as also learned counsel for the State and the complainant on the other and with their assistance, gone through the material on record.
The effect of tax should not be such that two like goods are given discriminatory treatment.
The objects and functions of the University so established under a Special Legislation must prevail with regard to the matter of grant of affiliation to its constituent colleges.
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co Ltd20, the assured while travelling on his scooter, suffered a heart attack and fell from his scooter.
While exercising power either under Clause (b) or Clause (c), the Charity Commissioner can impose conditions having regard to the interest, benefit or protection of the trust.
On 27.01.14 Warrant under 82 Crpc was taken.
The 1996 Act does not disqualify a former employee from acting as an arbitrator, provided that there are no justifiable doubts as to his independence and impartiality.
The 1996 Act does not disqualify a former employee from acting as an arbitrator, provided that there are no justifiable doubts as to his independence and impartiality.
In fact, in the majority judgment of B.P. Jeevan Reddy, J. in New Delhi Municipal Council v. State of Punjab and Ors., (1997) 7 SCC 339, the Punjab Municipal Act of 1911 was deemed to be a post-constitutional law inasmuch as it was extended to Delhi only in 1950, as a result of which the presumption of constitutionality was raised.
Dealing with the submission, this Court allowed JAL to submit a representation to the competent authority, though with the clarification that the Court had not expressed any opinion on that issue.
In order to request this Court to issue practice directions (for listing the matter where enough notice could have been given to parties), I also handed over grievance to the Hon’ble Court.
The appellant alleged to have demanded a bribe of Rs.5000/- from the complainant-Jai Bhagwan for releasing his brother Krishan Kumar on bail.
Economic and commercial cooperation between our countries is strong given that leading Korean companies are major participants in our economy.
The incident was, it is alleged, used as a ruse by the respondents who rushed to the place of alleged fall only to create a ruckus.
We fully endorse the said conclusion of the High Court, while dealing with the said submission made on behalf of the appellants.
The issue which came up for consideration in Hoosein Kasam Dada (India) Ltd. case (supra) was in respect of the return filed by the appellant under the Berar Sales Tax Act, 1947 (hereinafter referred to as, the 1947 Act).
The co - operative sector has played a distinct and significant role in the country 's socio - economic development.
In the present case as pointed out earlier the past practice was to fix the last date for receipt of applications a month or one and a half months after the date of actual publication of the advertisement.
The President of the Constituent Assembly placed the amendment for vote on 08.06.1949, which amendment was negativated.
Items reserved for small scale industries include pickles, chutneys, bread, confectionery, rapeseed, mustard, sesame oils, groundnut oils, ground and processed spices, sweetened cashew nut products, tapioca sago and tapioca flour.
Part V of the Constitution deals with the Union judiciary.
The Governor had originally, by his order dated 3.11.2015, summoned the House to meet on 14.1.2016 for the 6th session of the Assembly.
By a detailed order, the Tribunal rejected both the claims.
The respondent no. 3 however sent a letter dated 10th November, 2000 informing the inquiry officer that the inquiry at Kanpur was illegal and without jurisdiction.
Learned counsel appearing for the CBI refuted all the above contentions and after basing reliance on oral and documentary evidence submitted that the prosecution has established the charges leveled against the appellant and the Designated Court has rightly convicted and sentenced him for life.
India 's appetite for platinum has been steadily increasing in recent years on account of the country' s economic progress leading to rising industrial demand and increasing preference for platinum jewellery in urban areas.
Believe this, and that power will be manifested.
The amendment came to be challenged before this Court which challenge was considered by a Constitution Bench of the Court.
However, issues relating to quality and excellence are one of the biggest challenges, yet to be addressed comprehensively.
The learned Arbitrator totally ignored the contract between the petitioner and respondent that the labour camp was not to be situated within the building or near the building.
In designing and formulating the regulatory framework for tariffs, the delegate of the legislature has to bring about a balance between the competing goals which the tariff policy incorporates.
These aspects, in our view, weigh quite heavily against the accused.
Other counsel appearing for remaining appellants adopted the submissions of Mr. Tulsi.
The evidence proves that the common object of all the members of the assembly was that murder was likely to be committed in prosecution of a common object, namely, to commit murder, assault, mischief and criminal trespass.
The evidence adduced also shows that the victims had left in the mornings of the days of incident for the Nandos plateau alongwith some of the accused.
Learned trial court examined the evidence available on record held both the accused persons guilty for the charge levelled against them and recorded conviction.
Instead, insofar as the Corporation is concerned what was provided for is a limited exemption, the extent of which has been spelt out by Section 14 (fourth proviso) of the 2003 Act, which, necessarily, has to be understood to be circumscribed by the provisions of the main part of Section 14 of the 2003 Act which deals with licensing as distinguished from tariff determination.
I am confident that IISER Pune would progress to become a top-ranking institute in the times to come and make a difference to science education and research in our country.
Fenner (India) Ltd. never moved any application for refund of the excise duty at any given point of time.
A plain reading of (h) (vi) of the 1971 Act provides that a scheduled undertaking would comprise of all lands and buildings held or occupied for the purpose of the factory.
If a convict is sentenced under more than one offences, one or some relating to the executive power of the State Government and the other relating to the Executive Power of the Union, provides a clear answer.
Further, defect in investigation itself cannot be a ground for discharge.
This argument fails to appreciate that a majority of the learned judges constituting the Bench that decided Kesavananda Bharati were of the opinion that it is enough to declare a constitutional amendment as violating the basic structure if it alters the basic structure.
At the hearing before us, learned senior counsel for the appellant submitted that the findings of the Trial Court and of the High Court with regard to the demand of dowry are in relation to the demand of Rs.50,000/-.
It may be that in certain circumstances such persons who are in the service of the Government may cease to have an independent character if the question arises of fixation of minimum wages in a scheduled employment in which the appropriate Government is directly interested.
His further submission was that no business was conducted by the FOWC from the said site as well.
The respondent-plaintiff then adverted to Will dated 28.09.1991 and Clause 7 thereof in particular.
Further, he also stated that the present suit in its present form would not be maintainable for the added reason that despite the fact that it came to the plaintiff's knowledge that there were two registered conveyances prior to the suit, the plaintiff did not amend the suit to ask for a decree of cancellation of the said sale deeds.
The appellants challenged that order by filing a writ petition in September 2000 itself bearing W.P.(C)No.5385 of 2000 before the High Court.
We are of the opinion that Prabhakar Rao case is not an authority on the proposition advanced by the petitioners.
As a result, Maharashtra has attracted a large number of investors for setting up their operations in the State.
In view of the aforesaid premises, the direction contained in paragraph 19(i) as a whole is not in accord with the statutory framework and the direction issued in paragraph 19(ii) shall be read in conjunction with the direction given hereinabove.
Participants in the conference include all heads of Central Universities,IITs,NITs,IISc, Bangalore, IISERs, IIITs, NIPERs, NIFT, IIEST, Shibpur, RGIPT, Rae Bareli, RGNIYD, Sreperumbudur and School of Planing and Architecture Bhopal and New Delhi.
TSC is community - led and people - centred.
Judge Parker, it appears stated that if a Judge did not deliver judgment for 2 years, then under the 1939 Act, the Council could correct him.
Some of those candidates who were higher in merit and were offered the appointments did not join.
The inspectors of DGQA inspect every stage of production right from the sourcing of the raw materials by the vendor as it is quite possible that the vendor may purchase inferior quality material which may be difficult to detect in the final product.
Such lack of recognition may affect the medical categorisation of the member on enrolment and/or cause him to perform duties harmful to his condition.
Such lack of recognition may affect the medical categorisation of the member on enrolment and/or cause him to perform duties harmful to his condition.
It may be mentioned at the cost of repetition that the plaintiff was a party which volunteered to pay interest @18% per annum unlike some of the other parties.
Learned counsel for the writ petitioner submitted that the view taken by the larger Bench of the High Court is based on erroneous assumption that the appointment of the writ petitioner was stop gap arrangement and dehors the rules.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has condemned the tragic attack by left wing extremists on security personnel in Sukma District of Chhattisgarh today (March 11, 2014).
The state of Meghalaya has limited source of revenue and putting extra burden of Rs.100 Crores shall shatter the economy of the state.
Further wherever costs are awarded, ordinarily the same are not realistic and are nominal.
The National Book Trust (NBT) has been organizing the New Delhi World Book Fair since 1972 to promote books and foster the reading habit.
Usually medium and somewhat larger farmers take the initiative for developing a co - operative in order to overcome certain deficiencies in the market.
He dictated his report to Ram Babu.
Traditionally, pickles made of vegetables like lime, gooseberry, ginger, garlic etc. are used as an important side dish along with meals.
Mukhiya is a male, the elected member will be female -Member.
An interpretation that is in favour of conferring jurisdiction should be preferred rather than one taking away jurisdiction.
In our view, the Arbitral Tribunal went beyond the scope of the contract and it clearly exceeded its jurisdiction.
Thereafter, Respondent No.2 made a complaint to the Board of -Management of the Bombay Hospital regarding the behaviour of the appellant and even met the chairman of the hospital.
The third element, which is pertinent on the facts before us, is regarding consumption which is in alarming proportion in Kerala especially when compared to other States.
Insofar as the Appellants in these Appeals are concerned, they were accorded seniority w.e.f.
92) We, thus, do not agree with the appellants that CCI could have dealt with this matter at this stage itself without availing the inquiry by TRAI.
It was inferred therefrom, that there must be ‘equal pay for equal work’.
The power to make an interim order is, except where it is specifically taken away by the statute, implicit in the power to make a final order.
The cost of transportation will include the cost of insurance on the freight for transportation of the goods from the factory gate to the place or places of delivery.
The Plaintiffs pleaded that they were always ready and willing to perform their part of the Agreement and alleged that the Defendants were guilty of breach of the Agreement.
Being aggrieved by the order of resumption of plot, Satyawati wife of Rabinder Nath through her GPA Rakesh Sarna filed appeal under Section 17(5) of the HUDA Act, 1977 before the appellate authority-Administrator, HUDA.
Item11 of the Schedule is 'Any other matter which may be prescribed'.
Thus, Jats in Rajasthan are better off with respect to ownership of land but somewhat lag behind with respect to literacy rate, enrolment in graduation and representation in government service.
There does not seem to be any remorse shown by Manoharan.
No responsible and responsive government could ignore the huge public upsurge in support of the Lokpal Bill.
It is for this reason that invariably after the lodging of FIR, Writ Petition under is filed with main prayer to quash those proceedings and to claim interim relief against pre-arrest in the meantime or till the completion of the trial.
The learned senior counsel further contended that the Trial Court has rightly taken note of the facts narrated by PW-17 that he had left the locality along with his family after the occurrence and shifting his residence to a place 80 kms away.
The charges mentioned above were proved against the appellant (A-54).
While doing so what has been said in the statute as also what has not been said has to be noted.
Ministry of Power is the nodal agency for the above APP6 projects for which MOE & F has advised to take - up with them.
Since the said issue is pending before the Central Government for more than 15 years, we direct the Central Government to take appropriate decision in the matter as expeditiously as possible.
There is need for self-correcting mechanisms to check such aberrations.
Representations were also made by the landlords highlighting these problems.
Claim  certificate or demanding a clearance to arbitration in respect thereof.
Such an injury could not be considered to be an injury on an “unimportant part  of the body.
The respondent then applied for assessing his pension and payment of gratuity (annexure-P-1) to the concerned authorities.
This expression is pregnant with the idea of proximity test.
Ex.P.32 is the injury report issued by him mentioning the injuries.
It is now well settled that the courts will not act as an appellate court and reassess the evidence led in the domestic enquiry, nor interfere on the ground that another view is possible on the material on record.
Working within the parameters suggested by the learned Attorney- General, namely, the presumption of constitutionality of the 99th , that the basis of the judgment in the Second Judges case has been removed, the wisdom of Parliament and the needs of the people cannot be questioned and that this Court must recognize that society and its requirements have changed with the passage of time, it is not possible to uphold the constitutional validity of the 99th .
Section 12(3) of the International Airport Authority of India Act, 1971 provided that decision of the Central Government shall be final, if any dispute or doubt arises, as to which of the properties, rights or liabilities of the Central Government have been transferred to the Authority.
On reading of all the aforesaid relevant clauses it is very clear that the Chairman of the CESU is required to supervise the smooth functioning of the CESU and Chief Executive Officer is to act under the control of the Chairman.
In the circumstances stated above the request contained in the representation read as 11 paper above is hereby rejected.
For prevention and control of major vector borne diseases of public health importance namely Malaria, Filaria, Kala - azar, Japanese Encephalitis (J. E.), Dengue / Dengue Hemorrhagic fever (DHF) and Chikungunya.
It may be regarded either as representing the profit he might have made if he had had the use of the money, or, conversely, the loss he suffered because he had not that use.
It may be regarded either as representing the profit he might have made if he had had the use of the money, or, conversely, the loss he suffered because he had not that use.
It may be regarded either as representing the profit he might have made if he had had the use of the money, or, conversely, the loss he suffered because he had not that use.
What the Act contemplates as a necessary condition of vesting of the land in the Government is the taking of actual possession of the land.
The Committee is only to collect the data and not make any recommendations.
The doctrine of presumption is not alien to the above rule, nor would it impair the temper of the rule.
The Hindu Succession Act was amended in 2005 to provide that the daughter of a coparcener in a joint 10 Hindu family governed by the Mitakshara Law, shall, by birth become a coparcener in her own right in the same manner as the son, having the same rights and liabilities in respect of the said property as that of a son (see Section 6 of the Act).
Every immovable property is liable to be acquired.
If the accused is acquitted, no further question arises.
It should be borne in mind that helpless and hapless “aggrieved person  under the 2005 Act approaches the court under the compelling circumstances.
According to the High Court publication in Tarun Bharat Marathi language was effected just one day prior from receiving from the prospective buyers.
A second appeal cannot be decided merely on equitable grounds as it lies only on a substantial question of law, which is something distinct from a substantial question of fact.
According to the police and security forces, the encounters are genuine and the victims were militants or terrorists or insurgents killed in counter-insurgency or anti-terrorist operations.
The Personal Pay shall be linked to the performance of the Chief Executive Officer.
Thirdly, conclusions based on epidemiological studies are flawed by the scientists’ inability to control or even accurately assess past exposure of the subjects.
In this context, reference must be made to Article XVIII of the Extradition Treaty.
Out of the said wedlock, Shamsudeen (the plaintiff) was born.
Furthermore if one were to take recourse to analogous provision contained in Order XIV Rule 2 of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908, one would reach the same conclusion.
A Marriage Certificate is the proof of registration of a marriage.
The financing bank shall also comply with the other directives issued by RBI from time to time on lending to sugar factories.
It is considered as the technology capital of the country.
The rash may appear as rough, red, or reddish brown spots both on the palms of the hands and the bottoms of the feet.
The jurisdiction of the High Courts thus being unwarranted, the Appellants prayed for a preliminary dismissal on that point.
A brief general summary of the conclusions stated earlier in detail is given for convenience, as under: ….
The said Investigating Officer recorded statements of the concerned Sub-Registrar, the Chief Executive Officer of Greater Noida Authority, from whose statements it was evident that the accused persons were never the owners of the property in question and the original allottee had not appeared in the Greater Noida Authority and not transferred any documents.
The said Investigating Officer recorded statements of the concerned Sub-Registrar, the Chief Executive Officer of Greater Noida Authority, from whose statements it was evident that the accused persons were never the owners of the property in question and the original allottee had not appeared in the Greater Noida Authority and not transferred any documents.
With regard to the above subject, your attention is attracted towards your letter.
As per this, various objections of the assessees were considered and decision taken thereon which are reflected in the tabulated form.
For illustration, if the disqualification is under for failure to pay any tax or fee due to the panchayat or the Zilla Parishad, then, by virtue of Explanation 2, what the Legislature has done is to provide that failure to pay any tax or fee due to the panchayat or Zilla Parishad by a member of HUF or by person belonging to a group, then, that shall be deemed to disqualify all members of such family or as the case may be of the group or unit.
On the role of Directors, the law is well settled.
At about 12 midnight accused Nos.1 and 2 strangulated the deceased Manikandan by putting his towel around his neck and done him to death.
At about 12 midnight accused Nos.1 and 2 strangulated the deceased Manikandan by putting his towel around his neck and done him to death.
No. 1 lives in the USA.
Article 224A of the Constitution provides that notwithstanding anything in Chapter IV in Part V of the Constitution, the Chief Justice of a High Court for any State may at any time, with the previous consent of the President, request any person who has held the office of a Judge of any High Court, to sit and act as a Judge of the High Court for that State, and every such person so requested shall, while so sitting and acting, be entitled to such allowances as the President may by order determine and have all the jurisdiction, powers and privileges of, but 52 shall not otherwise be deemed to be, a Judge of that High Court.
In the aforesaid scenario, it cannot be said with certainty as to whether Dorathi died of smothering or being a heart patient, the actual cause of death was cardiac arrest.
Conceptually, he could have declined to accept the prayer to surrender to the Courts’ custody, although, we are presently not aware of any reason for this option to be exercised.
In the facts and circumstances of the present case, the time spent in pursuing the application under Order IX Rule 13 CPC is to be taken as “sufficient cause  for condoning the delay in filing the first appeal.
Except in the case at Serial No.1 where part of earnest money was deposited in cash, in all other cases, earnest was paid by cheques.
Except in the case at Serial No.1 where part of earnest money was deposited in cash, in all other cases, earnest was paid by cheques.
It is evident from the Statement of Reasons that the appellant-Company has not been able to improve its revenue and was having cumulative losses.
Another category of forum shopping is approaching different Courts for the same relief by making a minor change in the prayer clause of the petition.
Another category of forum shopping is approaching different Courts for the same relief by making a minor change in the prayer clause of the petition.
It has further been submitted by the applicant/intervenor that Rule 3(b) is ultra vires the 1965 Act and is also unconstitutional for it violates Articles 14, 15, 17, 21 and 25 of the Constitution in so far as it prohibits women from entering a public temple.
Whoever has sexual intercourse with a person who is and whom he knows or has reason to believe to be the wife of another man, without the consent or connivance of that man, such sexual intercourse not amounting to the offence of rape, is guilty of the offence of adultery, and shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to five years, or with fine, or with both.
These financial institutions grant loans for a maximum period of 25 years against approved schemes or projects.
The wider the power, the greater the need for the restraint in its exercise and correspondingly, more liberal the construction of the procedural safeguards envisaged by the statute.
Maintenance of discipline and decorum in the House and observance of etiquette and decency are necessary.
The Sales Tax authorities having rejected the claim, the respondents applied to the High Court under , and that court upheld the claim and quashed the assessments in so far as they related to the said period.
In other words, where a contract is complete on its face, the language of the contract constitutes prima facie proof of the parties' intentions.
Thus, the question of adding them as parties to this petition does not and cannot arise.
The coal blocks were allocated to private companies only from the approved list of blocks to be offered for captive mining and the interests of CIL, being paramount, were duly protected and preserved.
Dal Chand, the husband, used to work in Embassy as also his father.
The gap between the time when Manoj is alleged to have left in the truck No.DL-1GA-5943 and the recovery of the body is not so small, to draw an inference against the appellants.
Therefore, a particular Act/set of Rules will determine whether the functions of a particular Tribunal are akin to those of the courts, which provide for the basic administration of justice.
What is notable is that these objects of beauty are also an integral part of the life rhythms of our people.
This is the second programme on number system.
Provided that the Governor may, as soon as possible after the presentation to him of the Bill for assent, return the Bill if it is not a Money Bill together with a message requesting that the House or Houses will reconsider the Bill or any specified provisions thereof and, in particular, will consider the desirability of introducing any such amendments as he may recommend in his message and, Assent to Bills.
Procedural reforms and implementation thereof is an integral part of the judicial reform.
Procedural reforms and implementation thereof is an integral part of the judicial reform.
We further hold that since the appellant had not purchased the entire unit as a business, as per the statutory framework he was not liable for discharging the dues of the Excise Department.
The bank guarantee was bogus and we couldn’t find the bank name which issued the bank guarantee, it appears that there was a criminal conspiracy and the bank was not in existence.
It was also submitted that valuation has also been ordered.
She raised screams but her mouth was gagged.
Often enough, where factions prevail in villages and murders are committed as a result of enmity between such factions, criminal Courts have to deal with evidence of a partisan type.
Three minute late is very silly ground query about examination which was not at all held, wearing of black dress during course of argument there was argument on photograph, however, no such photograph is submitted on record.
However, the court may be cautious while scrutinizing such evidence.
We accordingly take on record the statement which has been made on behalf of the first respondent and direct that in consequence the earlier rejection of the proposal submitted by the petitioners shall not come in the way of the EVC team while carrying out a fresh inspection, as agreed.
It was urged that the Act prescribed no principles and laid down no standard which could furnish an intelligent guidance to the administrative authority in making selection while acting under and so the matter was left entirely to the discretion of the appropriate Government which can amend the schedule in any way it liked and such delegation virtually amounted to a surrender by the Legislature of its essential legislative function.
However, there was no time limit for Chancellor to take final decision in the matter.
The termination of the contract was not the causation or dominant cause for loss of anticipated profits.
Who should or should not be a leader of a political party, is a political question, to be dealt with and resolved privately by the political party itself.
Countering the challenges of scarce resources, limited technical manpower and physical infrastructure in the early years, ISRO has today established operational space systems and services, attained self - reliance in development of indigenous technology and accomplished exemplary feats in space exploration.
In these telephone calls and recorded messages Mr. Collins who held strong views on immigration made a reference to 'Wogs', 'Pakis', 'Black bastards' and 'Niggers'.
Meanwhile, the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Bill that was annexed to the Bankruptcy Law Reforms Committee Report underwent a further change before it was submitted to a Joint Committee of the Lok Sabha.
In this connection, it is argued that statements of PW-1 Vaja Ala and PW-6 Puna Ala are vague, and PW-6 Puna Ala has admitted that he did not enquire as to what has actually happened before filing the complaint.
You have strongly repudiated attempts to unsettle the democratic processes and institutions outlined by your Constitution and ratified by the Spanish people.
During the pendency of the proceedings before the High Court between the parties, a registered sale deed was executed in respect of the suit property in favour of respondent No.6 (defendant No.6) by the owners of the suit property.
In cross-examination, she stated that the prosecutrix had come to her village about four days prior to the incident and she came back after two hours and had informed the incident.
This was perhaps due to the pressure brought by the Manager of Respondent 1 from different quarters, administrative as well as political.
For the reason aforesaid, these appeals are allowed and the orders passed by the High Court and the tribunal are set aside.
Sugar factories should have Positive Net worth.
The matter is entirely within the discretion of the court and is to be used sparingly.
In this matter the appellant was produced before the Executive Magistrate, Gondal, on the allegation that certain weapons were recovered from him.
After the survey, 30 relief camps were identified in Tehsil Budhana area and 11 relief camps in Tehsil Sadar area and a District Level Officer was deputed as a Nodal Officer for each camp.
The spectral signature of Mahakaleshwer lingam, Ujjain, MP: The spectral signature was collected at different faces of Mahakaleshwer Lingam like near top, back, left, right, primary bedding plane, pitted surface etc.
An international book fair of this magnitude is one of the best manifestations of India’s liberal, democratic, multi-lingual, multi-cultural and secular society where competing ideas and ideologies have equal space.
Provided that nothing in this sub-section shall be deemed to take away or abridge the power of the Court to hear, for reasons to be recorded, the appeal on any other substantial question of law, not formulated by it, if it is satisfied that the case involves such question.
The learned senior counsel contends that nothing has been placed on record either before the High Court or this Court to show any ‘authorisation’ to the EGOM for taking decision on the matters of price fixation.
The head and the facre are congested.
Typical solar water heaters made using materials as per BIS specifications could last for 15 - 20 years depending upon the general maintenance.
Conversely, decisions of particular ministers, unless overruled, are decisions of the government.
Therefore, the period of limitation in such cases will remain 12 years .
When the third party interest were created in the aforesaid manner, the High Court should not have influenced itself by the said consideration in denying the relief to the appellants after holding that acquisition was illegal.
When the third party interest were created in the aforesaid manner, the High Court should not have influenced itself by the said consideration in denying the relief to the appellants after holding that acquisition was illegal.
This Section provides that in that contingency, such a person would be deemed to be an assessee in default in respect of such tax.
This Institute must promote linkages between various research organizations working on tribal development and prioritize research areas.
Under these circumstances, we are of the opinion that the view expressed by the High Court as well as by the trial Court on the question of sanction is clearly illegal and cannot be sustained.
12.20 The SSA began with a matching fund requirement of 15 per cent from states in 2001-02.
Relations must be solidified and strengthened.
Accused Ajay in custody, whereas all the remaining accused on bail except accused Balbir alias Bali.
An Aadhaar number, in physical or electronic form subject to authentication and other conditions, as may be specified by regulations, may be accepted as proof of identity of the Aadhaar number holder for any purpose.
We direct that as per the findings recorded by the Forensic Auditors, the money be deposited in this Court on a time-bound basis and other needful be done as observed by the Auditors.
PW39 SI Ranvir Singh further deposed that he went to Maharaja Agrasen Hospital and obtained the dead body of deceased and preserved the same in Mortuary, SGM Hospital.
In Shantilal Mangaldas (supra), a Constitution Bench of this Court examined the scheme under the Act 1954 which was applicable earlier to the State of Gujarat wherein with respect of the land situated therein, the Borough Municipality of Ahmedabad declared its intention of making a town planning scheme vide resolution dated 18.4.1927 under the Bombay Town Planning Act, 1915, wherein the High Court of Gujarat had allowed the writ petition filed by the tenure- holders.
Indigenous peoples have the right to self-determination.
The appellant further agreed not to challenge ex parte divorce decree.
On being asked by Dawood Taklya, Muzammil handed over 3 rifles and 6 cassettes in a gunny bag.
Quite obviously, this order is not a quasi-judicial order as the State Government has not found it necessary to hear either the State Board, or any person affected by such order.
Quite obviously, this order is not a quasi-judicial order as the State Government has not found it necessary to hear either the State Board, or any person affected by such order.
This house was three storied.
Later, the appellant preferred a review petition which was also dismissed by the High Court on 4-2-2011.
Later, the appellant preferred a review petition which was also dismissed by the High Court on 4-2-2011.
Significantly, the factual position stated in this affidavit has not been countered.
It is also not in dispute that the property was mortgaged with the Bank.
When, however, a tenant is thrown out of the commercial premises, his business which enables him to maintain himself and his family comes to a stand- still.
When, however, a tenant is thrown out of the commercial premises, his business which enables him to maintain himself and his family comes to a stand- still.
At the same time, there would be some overlapping of discussion inasmuch as it will have to be seen as to the collection, storage and use of biometric data satisfies the proportionality principle.
This theory relies on the discernible intentions of the parties and, to a large extent, on good faith principle.
This theory relies on the discernible intentions of the parties and, to a large extent, on good faith principle.
The Fourteenth All India Whips Conference was held on 4-5 February, 2008 at Mumbai.
Further, an interest at the rate of 12% per annum from the date of accident, that is 19.07.2011, is also payable to the appellants over the above awarded amount.
Various other pleas had been raised to which we need not advert as they are not germane for deciding the present Appeal.
An earlier Constitution Bench judgment, i.e., A.Sanjeevi Naidu, Etc.
The firearm injury on the head is sufficient to cause death in ordinary course of nature.
The firearm injury on the head is sufficient to cause death in ordinary course of nature.
It is only to those who fall into other categories of employment that the bar under Rule 49 would apply.
Federalism is one of the basic features of Indian Constitution.
The new No.719 showing Amar Singh.
This Court also referred to letters dated 26 th November, 2002 and 17th September, 2001 wherein a view was expressed that land closed under the PLP Act is forest land.
While the Article contemplates resolution of the electoral disputes by election petitions, it prohibits the examination of such disputes before conclusion of the election, obviously to ensure that the electoral process is not unduly hampered while it is in progress; essentially a balance between order and chaos.
However, the insurer repudiated the claim under the accident benefit component of the insurance policy on the ground that the death of the insured had occurred due to a heart attack and not due to an accident.
The use of various statistical diagrams, their construction and interpretations have also been highlighted in the programme.
In case of fireworks, the names of the items, for example - amorces, paper caps, serpents eggs, etc., as appropriate shall be marked.
Such award/judgment/decision is likely to adversely affect the administration of justice.
Though Parliament is possessed of a plentitude of powers, it is subject to terms of legislative competence and to the restrictions imposed by fundamental rights. is attracted when the liberty of a Member of Parliament is threatened by imprisonment in execution of a parliamentary privilege.
It is evident from the above that came on the statute book initially in the year 1993 not only because kidnapping and abduction for ransom were becoming rampant and the Law Commission had recommended that a separate provision making the same punishable be incorporated but also because activities of terrorist organisations had acquired menacing dimensions that called for an effective legal framework to prevent such ransom situations and punish those responsible for the same.
The view expressed by a bench of 5 Hon’ble Judges of this Court in the above case, was in respect of a controversy quite similar to the one in hand.
In the earlier writ petition, the prayer, in quintessentiality, was made for setting aside the death warrant issued by the Designated TADA Court, Mumbai.
The High Court has imposed strict conditions of bail keeping in view the interest of the prosecution as well.
I was received with great warmth by Netaji’s wife and daughter.
L Construction of the proviso to The vexed issue of interpretation relates to the proviso to Undoubtedly, the National Capital Territory continues to be a Union territory.
It is also the view in United Kingdom that an action of Parliament upon a motion for an Address ousted the jurisdiction of the Courts. (Merricks vs. Heathcoat — Amory (1955(1) Chancery p. 567).
Though the RPA disqualifies a sitting legislator or a candidate on certain grounds, there is nothing regulating the appointments to offices within the organisation of the party.
But even if the prosecution has not been able to prove the motive, that will not be a ground to throw away the prosecution case.
Two bills raised by BSNL against the respondent-Bharti Airtel in respect of its cellular services form the subject matter of the present appeal.
Every individual must count and be made capable of contributing towards their personal upliftment as well as society as a whole.
To appreciate the rival submissions raised at the bar, we have bestowed our anxious consideration to weigh and analyse the evidence brought on record for the purpose whether testimony of the victim deserves acceptance and ultimately the prosecution case deserves acceptation.
But such submission was disputed by learned Senior Counsel for the university.
Therefore, it was thought proper to frame rules regulating conditions of service for such employees.
Application of provisions of Income-tax Act.
This would be clear from a reading of the separate guidelines for uplinking and downlinking channels issued by the Government of India.
This would be clear from a reading of the separate guidelines for uplinking and downlinking channels issued by the Government of India.
In his submission, the appeal under proviso to falls in the first category of appeals and as rightly observed by the High Court of Gauhati in the present case, no leave of the High Court was required.
The requirement to obtain an Aadhaar number under the Aadhaar Act does not reflect a lack of trust in citizens.
If the disciplinary authority, having regard to its findings on all or any of the articles of charge, is of the opinion that any of the penalties specified in Regulation 4 should be imposed on the officer employee, it shall, notwithstanding anything contained in Regulation 8, make an order imposing such penalty.
I fear that to stop us from doing anything against them, they can harm anyone of our family members.
This programme deals with three basic concepts - percentage, profit and loss and discount.
The fuses were found to be inside the body of the switch.
Every such election shall be held not later than 30 days after the first meeting of the State Council after election under Section 8 of the Act.
The above observations of the Division Bench thus cannot be approved.
The proviso to the said sub-section enjoins that in case the Court is of the opinion that no urgent and immediate relief should be granted, it shall return the plaint for presentation to it after complying with the requirements of sub-section (1).
The proviso to the said sub-section enjoins that in case the Court is of the opinion that no urgent and immediate relief should be granted, it shall return the plaint for presentation to it after complying with the requirements of sub-section (1).
However, the office of the Council shall ensure that such inspections are not carried out at least 3 days before upto 3 days after important religious and festival holidays declared by the Central/State Govt.
List of companies that make the software packages for electronic tendering.
What was important, declared the Court, was the duty to act judicially which implies nothing but a duty to act justly and fairly and not arbitrarily or capriciously.
Having said that, insofar as the present case is concerned, we find it difficult to disagree with the ultimate conclusion arrived at by the AFT in the facts of this case, even if some of the observations of the AFT may not be correct.
Vice - chairman - Vice - chairman is nominated by the Chairman for the execution of day to day work.
The lower appellate court further held that once the property is held to be self acquired property of Gulab Singh, he had every right to deal with the same in any manner he liked.
The lower appellate court further held that once the property is held to be self acquired property of Gulab Singh, he had every right to deal with the same in any manner he liked.
All living beings are composed of cells which are the smallest and basic unit of life.
Answer Loans are not being granted for transportation ventures because of non - clearance of dues and outstanding loans against the ex - servicemen, as per government orders.
But at the same time, it cannot be completely disregarded.
A perusal of the aforesaid shows that what is sought to be disclosed is that the details like the number of suits, appeal against the decree, etc.
In compliance of the Hon'ble High Court order in the CWJC No. 10569 of 2011, the envisaged 'Consultation' process has to be meaningful and based on substantive material.
The terms and condition of the service officers in DGQA is not creation of the or the Army Rules and the Armed Forces Tribunal is not the right forum for adjudication of DGQA matters.
The main contention of the learned counsel for the petitioner is that the case of the petitioner has to be considered under office memo, dated 3.12.13, wherein the persons with disabilities have to be given preference in 3% reservation on the total number of vacancies in the cadre strength.
The entire incident was also captured in the CCTV Camera installed in the shop.
Inclusion and approval of the name in the select-list by the UPSC, after considering the objections if any by the Central Government is also a condition precedent.
Inclusion and approval of the name in the select-list by the UPSC, after considering the objections if any by the Central Government is also a condition precedent.
They have to become institutions of research apart from being institutions of learning.
To generate confidence that the judicial fora decide controversies brought to their consideration impartially, they are required to be independent.
It was asserted, that the countries referred to by him were in different continents of the world, and there was no complaint with reference to the “independence of the judiciary .
The fundamental policy behind limitation is that if a person does not pursue his remedy within the specified time frame, the right to sue gets extinguished.
The fundamental policy behind limitation is that if a person does not pursue his remedy within the specified time frame, the right to sue gets extinguished.
We have already extracted hereinabove the order dated 1.3.2004, whereby, the appellant-Ved Mitter Gill was dismissed from service, with immediate effect.
It will be seen, therefore that Wisconsin provides for a two-tier system.
None of the concerned constitutional provisions would interfere with the free functionality of the other, nor would one usurp the scheme postulated for the other.
It is pursuing a two- pronged approach of conducting proactive and sustained operations against extremists and focusing attention on development and governance issues in extremist affected areas.
That J.G. Developers obtained the consent of the members of the Society by holding out a false promise of a larger flat and, therefore, the agreements entered into by J.G. Developers with the slum dwellers are legally unconscionable and not enforceable and, as such, J.G. Developers is also not entitled to continue with the Scheme.
In , the words “through an information utility, wherever applicable, or by registered post or courier or by any electronic communication  have been deleted.
He is criticized as a planted witness.
Being dis-satisfied with the judgment of the High Court, the appellant has preferred these appeals by way of special leave before the apex Court.
The accused also acknowledged, having strangulated Suresh when ransom was not paid for his release.
The accused also acknowledged, having strangulated Suresh when ransom was not paid for his release.
In view of my foregoing discussion, I find that this Court has no territorial jurisdiction to entertain the present petition.
In order to, however, consistently achieve high growth rates over the next two decades, India would require unprecedented investments in infrastructure, human and social capital.
These are explained as under: “Meteorological drought is defined as the deficiency of precipitation from expected or normal levels over an extended period of time.
The Constitution recognises the right simply because it is an incident of a fundamental freedom or liberty which the draftsperson considered to be so significant as to require constitutional protection.
P-518 and P-521 fled for their remand clearly mention the provisions of Sections 3, 4 and 5 of TADA Act.
The purpose of recoding of the evidence, in any case, shall always be to unearth the truth of the case.
This train is bound for Boston.
Learned counsel further submits that if the respondents cannot rely upon the said decree to seek possession of the land yet the findings in the suit proceedings would bind the parties.
This cover will be progressively extended to other cities.
There are some other commercial properties, which are in the form of hotels and other commercial properties comprising of malls, etc.
If democracy is based on the recognition of the individuality and dignity of man, as a fortiori we have to recognize the right of a human being to choose his sex/gender identity which is integral his/her personality and is one of the most basic aspect of self-determination dignity and freedom.
All the injuries were opined to be of simple nature having been caused with a blunt weapon within the probable duration of 24 hours.
The desirability of formulation of the norms which the Government and the public sector undertakings should follow in the settlement of disputes including a review of the present system for conduct of litigation on behalf of the Government and such undertakings.
In our view, the challenges laid to impeach the same do not merit acceptance, in the teeth of the relevant provisions of the legislations involved.
Section 12 of the Act 1976 provides for proposals and reservations to be made in the development plan for the approval of the State Government.
We would like to note that the use of the superimposition technique in Indian investigations for identification purposes is not a new phenomenon.
Even otherwise, sub-clauses (1) and (2) form part of the same contractual scheme in that sub-clause (1) refers to the enactment of laws, whereas sub-clause (2) relates to interpretation of those very laws by a competent Court of law/Tribunal or Indian Government instrumentality.
And such a mass surveillance is not permitted by the Constitution of India.
The Border Roads Organization (BRO) was conceived and raised in the year 1960 by Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru, first Prime Ministry of India.
The question in controversy before the trial Court was that whether PW.1 could identify the real culprits or not.
Optical Fibre Cable (OFC) media connectivity and local dialing facility to access internet is also available in all the district headquarters.
There also, the tenant was inducted pursuant to 'leave and license' agreement executed between the landlord and the tenant.
There may be cases like Deo Patodi where even a student, the claimant would have made earnings on part-time basis or would have received offer for a particular job.
We find that the various factors mentioned in the test evolved by Chandrachud, J. have already been considered by decisions of various Benches of this Court that have been referred to in the course of our analysis.
Tax is obviously a restriction which would require this court to examine the height of the barrier on a case to case basis.
The purpose and object of consultation is that the High Court is expected to know better in regard to the suitability or otherwise of a person, belonging either to the judicial service or to the Bar, to be appointed as a district Judge.
The purpose and object of consultation is that the High Court is expected to know better in regard to the suitability or otherwise of a person, belonging either to the judicial service or to the Bar, to be appointed as a district Judge.
These are: Business Advisory Committee, General Purposes Committee, Committee on Government assurances, House Committee, Committee on Petitions, Committee on Subordinate Legislation, Committee on Papers Laid on the Table, Committee of Privileges, Committee on Rules, Committee on Ethics, Committee on Provision of Computers to Members of Rajya Sabha, Committee on Member of Parliament Local Area Development Scheme and the Department-related Standing Committees.
The nation expects them to face the challenges with fortitude as they are the agents of change.
Since both the accused appellants (Palakom Abdul Rahiman and G. Moideenkutty) are on bail, their bail bonds stand cancelled.
Respondent Nos.6 and 7 (the Bank) filed a preliminary objection before the civil court stating that in view of read with Section 34 of the Securitisation Act, the civil court has no jurisdiction to entertain the suit.
The premises relied on is that the bulk of the employees in the university is the teaching community.
Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE) under Ministry of Power, Government of India has empowered the institute to conduct the National Level Certification Examination for Energy Managers and Auditors.
In the first blush, though the said submission appears to be very sound, on a detailed analysis, we find that it is without any substance for more than one reason.
These last words are important.
Although a person with only full possession and control of a ship, such as a demise charterer, has the beneficial use of her, in our opinion he does not have the beneficial ownership as respects all the shares in the ship and the ship is not “beneficially owned as respects all the shares therein  by him within the meaning of s.4(4).
But it may be clarified that this is not the reason for taking the view that we have taken, it is mentioned only by way of an additional fact and nothing more.
In the meantime, there was a change in the Government and the Custodian was also transferred.
The arbitral procedure, including the constitution of the Arbitral Tribunal, shall be governed by the will of the parties and by the law of the country in whose territory the arbitration takes place.
Also a buyer will have an insurable interest in goods if they are at his risk, whether or not the property has passed to him .
Mr. Ranjit Kumar, learned senior counsel for the appellant submitted that the respondents have changed their stand from time to time.
However, the sentence has been reduced by the High Court from 10 years imprisonment to 3 years imprisonment with enhancement in the quantum of fine from Rs.2,000/- to Rs.1,00,000/- under IPC, and from imprisonment of 7 years to imprisonment of 3 years with enhancement of fine from Rs.1000/-to Rs. 20,000/-under IPC, without interfering in the quantum of sentence awarded by the trial court in respect of offence punishable under IPC.
AIR 1973 SC 2216 was relied upon to contend that it is open to the Government to fix a score which is higher than the one required for eligibility for the post with a view to maintain the high standard of competition.
AIR 1973 SC 2216 was relied upon to contend that it is open to the Government to fix a score which is higher than the one required for eligibility for the post with a view to maintain the high standard of competition.
The appellant attempted to obtain an order to restrain publication of the photographs.
We have heard learned counsel for the parties to the lis and perused the documents on record as well as the order(s) passed by the authorities and the High Court, respectively.
The aforesaid affidavit mentioned that she had communicated to her father as well as Director General of Police by registered letter regarding the actual state of affairs.
He submitted that on the principle of Comity of Courts, the Bombay High Court should have refused to interfere in the matter and should have allowed the parties to resolve their dispute through ICC arbitration, subject to the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts in accordance with Clause 9 of the Facilitation Deed.
Therefore, if the taxes are separate and distinct imposts and levied on the different aspects, then there is no overlapping in law.
The object of this Article was to secure the independence of the High Court which cannot be regarded as fully secured unless the authority to appoint supporting staff with complete control over them is vested in the Chief Justice.
Well, there is a conflict sometimes between two sections to be found in the same Act.
Normally the courts are disinclined to attach much importance to the act of absconding, treating it as a very small item in the evidence for sustaining conviction.
My brother lives in Tokyo.
OOA could not produce any record to justify the basis of determination of such monthly rent.
Any snakebite victim should go to a hospital emergency department unless the snake is positively identified as nonvenomous.
This matter has been the subject of consideration by the Madras High Court on a number of occasions and eventually the controversy was set at rest by the decision of the Judicial Committee in Secy.
In addition to Optical Character Recognition and Machine Aided Translation Systems development the other initiatives include development of Parallel Corpora, Multilingual Libraries / Dictionaries, lexical resources, Portals, Text - to - Speech System, Standardization of ISCII, Unicode, XML, INSFOC, etc.
In case where the questions are complicated or cases which may require several rounds of negotiations, the court may refer the matter to mediation.
The major portion of the global and domestic crop is solvent - extracted with hexane to yield soy oil and obtain soymeal, which is widely used in the animal feed industry.
The 171 firms from whom documents/details were called for by and large furnished the documents that were called for.
In the facts and circumstances of this case, it is apparent that Section 15Z of the SEBI Act prior to the amendment, postulated that the appellate remedy would extend to '...any question of fact or law arising out of such order.'.
We find from the record that as against the sentence of 10 years awarded to the appellant he has already undergone more than 9 years of sentence.
Such allottee/sub Lessee should be a citizen of India and competent to contract.
It was also observed in the judgment that every section of the public, the majority as well as minority, has rights in respect of religion as contemplated in Articles 25 and 26 of the Constitution.
At this juncture, another aspect need to be stated.
The enhancement in the fan speed with more irradiance regulates the temperature while the pre - air heating in the extended tunnel reduces the thermal gradient inside the drying cabinet.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee expressed grief and sorrow over the accident of Delhi-Dibrugarh Rajdhani Express near Chhapra in Bihar today.
This policy was admittedly settled, by the petitioner, in favour of Parveen Singh, resulting in the issuance, to him, of cheque No. 430041, dated 23rd June, 2000, for ₹ 12,000/-.
I pray to the Almighty to give the bereaved families the strength and fortitude to bear this irreparable loss.
Hence, these appeals, by the State and the de facto complainant.
As a typical example on sizing of solar systems, it may be mentioned that a 100 liters system is considered generally optimum for family of 4 adult members.
No State had any right to the natural flow of an inter-state river and several factors had to be considered while assessing the needs like basin factors, drought area and population.
The Judges should adapt purposive interpretation of the dynamic concepts under the Constitution and the Act with its interpretative armoury to articulate the felt necessities of the time.
Most of the basic features identified so far in the various cases referred to earlier are not emanations of any single Article of the Constitution.
The declaration given by the Officers at the time of entering into the service relating to home District in the context of service requirement cannot be exhorted to the status of criteria or norm.
The declaration given by the Officers at the time of entering into the service relating to home District in the context of service requirement cannot be exhorted to the status of criteria or norm.
We have heard Shri Amrendra Sharan, learned senior counsel, appearing as amicus, Shri Maninder Singh, learned Additional Solicitor General, appearing for the Union of India, Shri C.U. Singh, learned senior counsel and the other learned counsel appearing for the intervenors and learned counsel for the parties and perused the record.
The Sessions Court found both the accused guilty and convicted the 1st accused and sentenced him with death penalty which was confirmed.
In the year 2011, although recommendations were sent by the Lt. Governor and Chief Minister but no nominations were made.
In this case, the creditor did not have actual possession of the secured asset but only a constructive or symbolic possession.
This was the position of the Indian vassal States of Great Britain, which had no international relations whatever either between themselves or with foreign States.
This will bring down out - of - pocket expenditure and provide affordable access to medicine, particularly for the poor and disadvantaged.
The State 's pharmaceutical industry contributes substantially to the production, domestic consumption and the export basket of the country' s drug sector.
The numerous procedural safeguards detailed above must attend this adversary hearing.
Proverbially, neighbours are slippery witnesses.
The President said that education and capacity building can open a window of opportunity for the tribal youth.
This Article was very briefly debated in the Constituent Assembly on 2nd June, 1949 and Dr. Ambedkar moved for the omission of clause (3) in this Article.
On facts, therefore, there is no dispute with regard to the contents of the report of the CEC, although the conclusions might be disputed.
This Act may be in conflict with Article 14 of the Constitution as it only applicable to boy under the age of 15, and not to girls.
The appellate authority, as notice hereinbefore, in its order dated 24-6-1998 jumped to the conclusion that he was guilty of grave acts of misconduct proving complete unfitness for police service and the punishment awarded to him is commensurate with the misconduct although no material therefor was available on record.
The appellate authority, as notice hereinbefore, in its order dated 24-6-1998 jumped to the conclusion that he was guilty of grave acts of misconduct proving complete unfitness for police service and the punishment awarded to him is commensurate with the misconduct although no material therefor was available on record.
The High Court has discussed in detail the background of the appellant, the nature of the crime, manner in which it was committed, etc. and has rightly held that it is not a very rare and exceptional case for staying the conviction.
Proceedings before the NCLT at Allahabad were directed to remain stayed until further orders.
The SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Take - overs) Regulations, 1997 and its subsequent amendments aim at making the take - over process transparent, and also protect the interests of minority shareholders.
The High Court by its judgment and order under Appeal set aside the appointment of the Arbitrator and directed the Appellant to suggest names of three panel Arbitrators from different departments to the Respondent who could thereafter choose any one of them to be the Arbitrator in the matter.
I also considered the statements of complainant and her family members.
M.Clause 12 Analysis and comment: 5.13.1 The Commission has recommended that the definition of the term “contracting State  be deleted from clause 2(1)(c) (see clause 2 above).
These NOCs were accordingly issued by the Appellant.
NSE by its circular of August 24, 2000 has set detailed guidelines on Internet based trading through order routing system which route client orders to the exchange trading system and the software for this service has to be in compliance with the parameters set by the Board.
NSE by its circular of August 24, 2000 has set detailed guidelines on Internet based trading through order routing system which route client orders to the exchange trading system and the software for this service has to be in compliance with the parameters set by the Board.
Transparency enhances predictability as it helps government organizations to function more objectively.
The main places of tourist interest are: - Charminar, Salarjung Museum, Golconda Fort in Hyderabad, Thousand Pillar Temple and Fort in Warangal, Sri Lakshmi Narasimha Swamy Temple at Yadagirigutta, Buddha Stupa at Nagarjunakonda and Nagarjuna Sagar, Sri Venkateswara Temple at Tirumala - Tirupathi, Sri Mallikarjunaswamy Temple at Srisailam, Kanaka Durga Temple at Vijayawada, Sri Satyanarayana Swamy Temple at Annavaram, Sri Varaha Narasimha Swamy Temple at Simhachalam, Sri Sita Rama Temple at Bhadrachalam, Araku Valley, Horsley Hills, Nelapattu, etc.
Since the respondent has undertaken the work, its inputs could immensely help the appellant in prosecuting the claims efficaciously and potently.
Since the respondent has undertaken the work, its inputs could immensely help the appellant in prosecuting the claims efficaciously and potently.
Nor is the absence of the expression “relief  in Entry 30, List II, of any moment when relief from moneylenders is eloquently implicit in the topic.
This Court referred to provisions of and and held that the declaration must necessarily take effect from the date when the amount is deposited.
The land reserved for “public housing for different government organizations  was de-reserved and put under the category as “restricted residential utility services and other uses zones .
The RBI’s role has included setting up new institutions, encouraging the use of technology, developing markets, and expanding financial inclusion.
The representation dated 17.01.1975 was not considered at all.
Consequently and in the light of what has been discussed above both the appeals are allowed to the extent indicated.
We are, therefore, left with which delineates the scope of interim arbitral awards and states that the arbitral tribunal may make an interim arbitral award on any matter with respect to which it may make a final arbitral award.
This ensures that competing offers are duly considered.
In India economic reforms opened up important avenues for promoting global business by Indian entrepreneurs.
Thus, from the aforesaid three decisions it is clear that if the right to voluntarily retirement is conferred in absolute terms as in Dinesh Chandra Sangma case by the relevant rules and there is no provision in rules to withhold permission in certain contingencies the voluntary retirement comes into effect automatically on the expiry of the period specified in the notice.
The observations in the judgment were pressed into service in support of the contention that freedom of speech and expression would be adversely affected by continuing the definition of “excluded employee  in respect of the newspaper industry which has been singled out for harsh treatment.
Firms around the world use advertising as the most important promotional tool.
Sub-clauses (a) to (g) of Clause (2) of are illustrative of the matters, which are covered under the rule making power.
The instant appeal is disposed of in the above terms. .
To meet marriage expenses / Medical expenses / Education of self / spouse / children / near relatives.
The purpose of these restrictions is to ensure the proper discharge of duties and the proper maintenance of discipline.11 24 Entry into and departure from the service of the Air Force is in terms of the above provisions and is not a matter which lies at the sweet will of a member of the Air Force.
A rather different thesis runs through Professor Joseph Raz’s book, The Morality of Freedom: people are autonomous moral actors, and autonomy is given expression primarily through making one’s own decisions, but such freedom is valuable partly because it advances social ends.
On 2 June 2012, the appellant filed writ proceedings 6 before the High Court of Punjab and Haryana.
The Appellate Authority may also pass such orders of consequential nature, as it may deem necessary.
She is in possession of the property along with other family members.
Procurement and Maintenance of Computer Systems and Network Systems for use in RBI. Designing, developing and operationalising major IT projects in RBI.
The sale of high strength alcoholic liquor through Beverages Corporation will be gradually reduced.
On the other hand, under and , an operational creditor may, on the occurrence of a default, deliver a demand notice which must then be replied to within the specified period.
Learned counsel for the appellant Mr. Partha Sil has contended that the High Court failed to appreciate that the change in work which materially changed the nature of intended work mentioned in the tender document which was admitted by DW-1-Jagadeesh Kumar during trial.
Its resolution cannot be left to the legislature to decide, for two very good reasons.
FSL report dated 19.03.1993 confirmed traces of Nitrite.
However, the discretion of the Court has to be exercised in exceptional, limiting, befitting and cases of necessity and very cautiously.
This is the settled legal position.
Cook foods in vessels covered with lids.
The home buyers have urged before this Court that they have no confidence in the ability of either JIL or JAL to complete the outstanding projects.
9) The defendant on being served filed the written statement.
However, sales tax cannot be charged on industrial alcohol in the present case, because under the Ethyl Alcohol (Price Control) Orders, sales tax cannot be charged by the State on industrial alcohol.
Note on the recommendation of the Parliamentary Committee asking High Courts/Supreme Court to deliver Judgments/decrees etc, in Hindi This has reference to the Law Commission’s letter seeking my views on the recommendations of the Committee of Parliament on 22 Official Language at, S.Nos.16.8(d) and 16.8(e).
Be it stated, we had requested the bidders to hike their price by Rs.5 crores so that the auction becomes real and not unnecessarily time-consuming.
It corroborates the version given in the FIR.
It corroborates the version given in the FIR.
A joint will is looked upon as the will of each testator, and may be proved on the death of one.
He was candid to assert that he was not sure as to whether he had signed the Will in presence of the testator or not or whether the testator had signed the document in his presence.
It is not in dispute that in the present case, the appellant had handed over peaceful vacant possession to the respondent on 08.10.1998 and also that the respondent had relinquished the plea of mesne profits during the suit proceedings itself.
He is not to act in a manner where it is perceived that he is directly or indirectly the beneficiary; or for that matter, extends the benefit to a person of immediate proximity.
The company may, considering the eligibility of the request, give a fair and reasonable extension of time of completion of the work.
Left untreated, gingivitis may progress to severe gum disease (periodontitis) and possible tooth loss.
What has brought us thus far will take us further ahead. But we will have to learn to adjust our sails, quickly and deftly, to the winds of change.
Justice Blackmun’s dissent then went on to consider the famous judgment in Wisconsin v. Yoder, 32 L. Ed.
In case the petitioner satisfies the prescribed requirements thereof, the respondents shall consider the application within four weeks of its receipt and pass appropriate orders thereon.
This obligation shall apply whether or not such requirements have been lawfully imposed by such government or division or authority thereof.
This also prompts the Law Commission to recommend that the knowledge of the agent about the facts concerning the insured at the time of submission of the proposal would be deemed to be the knowledge of the insurer.
The barometer of performance is the quality of their products.
He stressed that the disruption should never be allowed to be used as an effective Parliamentary intervention.
Since total clearance value of the job worker is Rs.60 lakhs, he is not eligible to claim any benefit under Notification 35/2003-C.E. Duty is payable on his entire clearance.
In the era of globalization, collaborations play a very important role.
Petitioner Nos.3 and 4 in the special leave petition, filed a counter affidavit.
Anand Raghavan will bear the air fares or purchase the tickets for the travel of appellant and Nethra to the UK and including for their return journey to India as may be required.
In support of his contention, the learned ASG placed reliance upon (1988) 2 SCC 57 and other judgments.
The provisions of Agreement-I relevant to the controversy on hand are: (i) (a) to (e) of Article VI which provide that both Venture and Satyam would not compete in any manner in the business of JVC and also would not compete inter se in their respective business directly or indirectly so long as both of them hold shares in JVC and also within two years after they cease to hold the shares in the JVC.
During April 2008 to February, 2009 Meat & its product worth Rs. 4859 crores have been exported indicating 31. 91% growth in rupee term.
It avoids and prevents shortages of goods in lower tax area.
The limitations on this right and its scope are set out in the sections which follow.
The limitations on this right and its scope are set out in the sections which follow.
In making such appointments, due regard should be given to the requirement of subjects and to the instructions issued by the Director under sub-rule (4) of rule 1 as far as High Schools are concerned.
It is not a standardised item or goods known and generally dealt with in the market.
Though in the letter of repudiation dated 30 August 2011, it was only the alleged suppression of a previous policy which was pressed in aid, the appellants sought to support the repudiation before the consumer forum on the ground that there was a pre-existing urinary bladder ailment.
No effort is being made to appoint persons with adequate scientific, technical or legal background from the environmental field as members of the Board.
The Act has gradually fallen into disuse because of the discontinuance of various sub-schemes.
In the result, the conviction of the appellants under / IPC is altered to one under Part I IPC and the appellants are sentenced to undergo imprisonment for a period of ten years.
The agreement dated 31.08.2000 and the earlier agreements between JETL and the Board are purely contractual consciously entered into between the parties.
The cheque could not be said to have been issued for the discharge of whole or part of the liability because it exceeded the liability.
Immediately after the decision of the High Court on 04.05.2018, demand notices were issued for the assessment years 2008-2009 to 2011-2012 and demand notices dated 05.05.2018 for the assessment years 2000-2001 to 2007-2008 requiring the appellant to deposit Entry Tax together with interest thereupon.
In this regard it is also pertinent to notice the finding in the order of the original authority that perusal of the Circular dated 01/07/2004 makes it unambiguously clear that the price was understood as provisional price.
It is submitted that, in the aforesaid monographs, CRPF, BSF etc. are held to be and considered as an Organized Group “A  Services.
Prima facie, it is very doubtful whether the cheque was drawn for any amount which is legally due to the respondent from the appellant.
As common question of law and facts arise in this group of appeals arising out of the impugned judgment and order dated 15.09.2016 passed by the High Court of Bombay, Bench at Nagpur passed in Writ Petition No.2695 of 2015, all these appeals are being disposed of by this common judgment and order.
Since we are not concerned with a certification trademark, the process for registration of which is entirely different, we may exclude the interpretation of the phrase 'person aggrieved' occurring in Section 69 from consideration for the purposes of this judgment.
It does not reflect on the merit of the allegation, which obviously is a matter of trial.
Rule of Law must form the sole basis for dealing with any challenging situation.
One wonders whether in the meticulous hypersensitivity to eliminate a rare innocent from being punished, many guilty persons must be allowed to escape.
I wish the Summit great success.
It is merely an approval given in the course of consultation for the removal of Shri G. Bhavani Singh who has not questioned his removal.
He did a course in mechanical engineering.
Large parts of the country have already become water stressed.
The loan was secured by equitable mortgage executed by Respondent Nos.7 to 9 in respect of land measuring one acre in Khasra No.104/3 and 105/2, Patwari Halka No.5, Village Seagon, Anjad Road, Barwani, MP.
Similarly, the attornment can be proved by several circumstances including taking into consideration the conduct of the tenant qua landlord.
For arriving at such a conclusion, the NCLAT has discussed the law laid down by this Court in some judgments.
Thus, State (Delhi Administration) Vs Laxman Kumar and others (AIR 1986 SC 250) was a case of bride burning wherein the trial court accepted the prosecution case and considering it to be one of the atrocious dowry deaths, had sentenced each of the respondents to death, namely, the husband, the mother-in- law and brother-in-law.
This is an opportune moment for Belarus.
Moreover, if greenhouse situated near the market, it will be an added advantage.
These appeals are preferred aggrieved by a common judgment dated 10.11.2014 passed in a batch of writ petitions by the High Court of Judicature at Patna.
We would therefore think that the award of the claim by the arbitrator cannot be sustained.
The appellant, along with others, was given hand grenades by Javed and Usman.
Citing the authority of Justice B K Mukherjea’s celebrated Tagore Law Lectures with approval, this Court took note of the position of law elucidated in the lectures : (iv) whether Mohan Lal died prior to the execution of the deed of Trust on 11 November 1957; and (v) whether a presumption in regard to the death of Mohan Lal would arise upon his not being heard of allegedly for seven years.
For the reasons already recorded by us in relation to other States mentioned above, we do not think that the relief of regularisation/absorption can be granted to these petitioners also in the manner in which they have prayed.
The petitioner also changed its registered office address on 26 th April, 2018 and had no compunction in moving the NCLT, Kolkata on 27th April, 2018 to prevent the respondent from enjoying the fruits of the subject awards, and saying so brazenly in the petition filed by it under Section 10 of the I & B Code.
The Union Government has in its counter affidavit also indicated the steps which have been taken by the Delhi Police to inculcate a sense of security amongst persons from the north-east.
The arrest of the appellant was politically motivated.
The Trial Court by order dated 15-6-2011 framed charges under , , / of I.P.C. and under of Act.
At that time, we started voice recorder from our custody and suppressed it and its mike below the shirt of complainant and started the recording button of the same.
Section 33A said that information shall be filed along with nomination papers about any charges framed by a court against the candidate for an offence punishable by more than two years imprisonment, and any conviction which did not disqualify him, but resulted in imprisonment of 1 year or more.
Drawing our attention to [2], counsel submitted that the accused are entitled to benefit of doubt where oral evidence is inconsistent with medical evidence.
There has to be a balancing of human rights with the commercial gains.
CBI cannot be directed to have a roving inquiry as to whether a person was involved in the alleged unlawful activities.
The evidence of PW181, that the Architect Vijayshankar and the Art Director Thotha Tharani had provided him with the plan and the sketch map on which the pandals and other structures at the venues had been constructed, cannot be discarded as hearsay.
However, sub-section (3) thereof defines the meaning of degree under that provision which reads as under: Having regard to the same, the judgments cited by Mr. Dwivedi will have no application to the present case.
The principle has long been established that the will of a corporation or body can only be expressed by the whole or a majority of its members, and the act of a majority is regarded as the act of the whole.
What is traded in the cash segment are the fifty stocks which constitute Nifty.
The Directorate of Field Publicity is one of the Media Units of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting.
IV and V are the gunny bags containing ganja.
Therefore the dearness relief cannot be different for two sets of retirees.
In fact, his poetry was widely admired here.
But, the very nature of the power has led the court to set limits to itself within which to exercise such power.
But, the very nature of the power has led the court to set limits to itself within which to exercise such power.
But, the very nature of the power has led the court to set limits to itself within which to exercise such power.
She had informed Maheshwari (PW1) the factual position as narrated above.
She had informed Maheshwari (PW1) the factual position as narrated above.
The basis of fixing of the age till when a person could be treated as a child at eighteen years in the Juvenile Justice (Care and , 2000, was of the Convention of the Rights of the Child, as was brought to our notice during the hearing.
A sensible individual inspiration and a committed collective endeavour would indubitably help in this regard.
The benefits and detriments of a double tax treaty will probably only be truly reciprocal where the flow of trade and investment between treaty partners is generally in balance.
A police officer filing a charge-sheet does not make any statement on oath nor is bound by any express provision of law to state the truth though in our opinion being a public servant is obliged to act in good faith.
We must, therefore, look into the appellant’s plea of juvenility.
The Parens Patriae jurisdiction for the care of the mentally incompetent is vested in the provincial superior courts.
He submits that when there is denial of sanction order under , such order of the Central Government could be challenged in a writ petition before a High Court.
After some time, a written report was handed over to the S.H.O., Police Station, Aamer by PW- 1, at 12.30 a.m.
It is contended that the basis of the judgment of the High Court is patently not sustainable.
The bringing of a claim or the raising of a defence in later proceedings may, without more, amount to abuse if the court is satisfied (the onus being on the party alleging abuse) that the claim or defence should have been raised in the earlier proceedings if it was to be raised at all.
These decisions indicate that the philosophical basis of our criminal jurisprudence is undergoing a shift- from punishment being a humanizing mission to punishment being deterrent and retributive.
Kindly convey my greetings to all members of your team of scientists, engineers and technologists involved in this mission. I wish your continued endeavours all success.
It was taken in my presence and hearing, and was read over to the person making it and admitted by him to be correct, and it contains a full and true account of the statement made by him.
It was taken in my presence and hearing, and was read over to the person making it and admitted by him to be correct, and it contains a full and true account of the statement made by him.
In view of the conclusions drawn in the Goa Foundation case, it came to be rightfully understood, that such operations could go on (within the mandate of Rule 24A(6), under which such application was made) till the expiry of the maximum period postulated for the first renewal, i.e., for a period of twenty years.
It was founded in 1857 along with the Universities of erstwhile Madras and Kolkata, and had a key role in nurturing a number of leaders who led India to its independence.
This dual translation approach will remove any chance of ambiguity in the question paper.
That apart, when the suit was dismissed and the controversy travelled to appellate court the plaintiff was aware of the whole situation but chose not to seek the alternative relief that was available which is presently barred by limitation.
That apart, when the suit was dismissed and the controversy travelled to appellate court the plaintiff was aware of the whole situation but chose not to seek the alternative relief that was available which is presently barred by limitation.
The question whether a fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory method of selection should or should not be adopted can be viewed from another angle also equally if not more important than the need for preventing any infringement of The State counsel appears for the State Government or for public bodies who together constitute the single largest litigant in our Court system.
The accused has also an option to prove the non-existence of consideration and debt or liability either by letting in evidence or in some clear and exceptional cases, from the case set out by the complainant, that is, the averments in the complaint, the case set out in the statutory notice and evidence adduced by the complainant during the trial.
It was submitted that the cause of action for challenge of the detention order at this stage was on grounds which were totally different from those taken in the Writ Petition before the High Court.
India 's commitment to Palestine was given voice by none less than Mahatma Gandhi in the days of India' s own struggle for independence.
Once the prayer for surrender is accepted, the Appellant before us would come into the custody of the Court within the contemplation of CrPC.
So far as the question of obtaining the Occupancy Certificate is concerned, as per the provisions of MOFA the possession should not have been handed over to the members of the complainant society without obtaining occupancy certificate and this is a clear unfair trade practice.
Sea water would be drawn and would be fed to the plant which consists of four streams each having capacity of 106.66 cubic mtr.
It is the second question which is relevant for the present purposes.
Besides this, the recurring expenditure was also of an equal sum.
One of the submissions raised by the learned counsel for the appellants is that Doctor who appeared before the Court was not shown the weapon to give his opinion as to whether injuries could have caused with such weapon or not.
The appellant, as alleged, in spite of their divorce, was having visiting terms with the deceased.
The appellant, as alleged, in spite of their divorce, was having visiting terms with the deceased.
I take this opportunity to convey my best wishes for your Excellency’sgood health and success and for the continued progress and prosperity of the friendly people of Uzbekistan.
It was also a term under the lease that these equipments projector, generator etc., should become the property of the first plaintiff and his brother R.A. Rasheed on the termination of the lease.
However, it is essential that all basic and ‘material facts’ which must be proved at the trial by the party to establish existence of a cause of action or defence are ‘material facts’ and must be stated in the pleading by the party.
In May 2006, the defendant sought a loan of Rupees Five Lakhs from the complainant for supporting the making of a Tamil movie “Pokari .
He found that Gowramma was in a position to talk.
He found that Gowramma was in a position to talk.
Reference may be made here to paragraph 20 of the Adaptation of Laws Order, 1950, as amended in 1951, which provides: 'Nothing in this Order shall affect the previous operation of, or anything duly done or suffered under, any existing law, or any right, privilege, obligation or liability already acquired, accrued or incurred under any such law.....
Both learned counsel submit that the Presiding Officer of the trial court was expecting his transfer and therefore, has acted with undue haste.
Noscitur a sociis is merely a rule of construction and cannot prevail where it is clear that wider and diverse etymology is intentionally and deliberately used in the provision.
On the joyous occasion of Vaisakhi, I extend greetings and good wishes to all fellow countrymen, especially sisters and brothers engaged in cultivation and farming.
On the joyous occasion of Vaisakhi, I extend greetings and good wishes to all fellow countrymen, especially sisters and brothers engaged in cultivation and farming.
In the said letter, it was further stated that during the investigation, it has transpired that a conspiracy was hatched between the accused persons in Dubai and in pursuance of the said conspiracy, some of the accused persons involved in the blasts were sent to Pakistan for training in handling RDX explosives, firearms, grenades etc.
Complete eradication of Leprosy is however different from this standard of elimination as a public health issue.
Promotion orders were issued on 09.01.2001, candidates those included in the panel were promoted as Assistant Personal Officer.
If the submission were to be accepted, it would lead to the consequence that the Bill would be a Money Bill if it contained provisions dealing with clause (a) to (g), even if it contained other provisions not relatable to these clauses.
There was no protest or challenge to such merger by way of transfer of the entire Department to the Corporation.
This rule is distinct from the doctrine of double jeopardy as it does not prevent the trial of any offence but only precludes the evidence being led to prove a fact in issue as regards which evidence has already been led and a specific finding has been recorded at an earlier criminal trial.
This rule is distinct from the doctrine of double jeopardy as it does not prevent the trial of any offence but only precludes the evidence being led to prove a fact in issue as regards which evidence has already been led and a specific finding has been recorded at an earlier criminal trial.
Compulsory acquisition of land for public purpose including infrastructure projects displaces people, forcing them to give up their home, assets and means of livelihood.
The transfer as mentioned above shall be subject to the terms and conditions as it considers expedient for securing the purposes of the Act.
Before we take note of the exact nature of directions given in that judgment which according to the petitioners have been flouted contumaciously and deliberately, we would like to take note of the history of litigation culminating in passing of the said judgment.
Before we take note of the exact nature of directions given in that judgment which according to the petitioners have been flouted contumaciously and deliberately, we would like to take note of the history of litigation culminating in passing of the said judgment.
A Money Bill passed annually (or at various times of the year) providing for the withdrawal or appropriation from and out of the Consolidated Fund of India, of moneys, voted by Lok Sabha and moneys charged on the Consolidated Fund for the services of a financial year or a part of a financial year.
Well, they have every right to criticise, their right to criticise should not degenerate into wilful hampering and obstruction of the work of Parliament.
A hungry child must be fed and further recognised various child rights included that the delinquent child must be reclaimed.
A hungry child must be fed and further recognised various child rights included that the delinquent child must be reclaimed.
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
Certain suits are such, in which the dispute is incapable of being decided in a summarily.
Certain suits are such, in which the dispute is incapable of being decided in a summarily.
The proviso to Clause IV of Regulation 9 in force (corresponding to third proviso to Regulation 9(2) as extracted in the interim order dated 12.05.2016), as interpreted by us, is in the nature of giving additional marks as incentive to in-service candidates, commensurate with length of service in notified remote/difficult areas in the State and also dependent on marks obtained by them in NEET.
There is huge demand of SAW pipes in the country due to transportation of oil and gas and transmission of water.
Shri Sanghi then referred us to Sree Balaji Nagar Residential Assn.
By order dated 4.8.2007, the trial Court dismissed the application for temporary injunction.
Thereafter, the employees who were employed as temporary, badli and part-time workers after 20.5.1985 raised the demand for their absorption and regularisation of their service as permanent employees.
Only to save acquiring body from liability to pay interest at exorbitant rates, it may be deposited in court in certain cases where reference court comes into picture to discharge obligation by State but deposit in Court would not be payment to landowners.
Only to save acquiring body from liability to pay interest at exorbitant rates, it may be deposited in court in certain cases where reference court comes into picture to discharge obligation by State but deposit in Court would not be payment to landowners.
With due respect, I am not in agreement with the view taken in Chandigarh Administration case.
He will also sanction earned leave, half pay leave, commuted w.e.f.
The impugned Amendment and the Act are struck down as unconstitutional.
For that purpose, we direct that the bank guarantee of Rs 2 crores furnished by the petitioner shall be kept alive in the meantime.
Therefore, having secured an exemption from the purview of FCRA, 1952 on the ground that it was intended to promote spot trading, NSEL was not authorised to allow trading in forward contracts through the scheme of paired contracts, thereby defying conditions stipulated in the exemption notification granted to it.
Therefore, having secured an exemption from the purview of FCRA, 1952 on the ground that it was intended to promote spot trading, NSEL was not authorised to allow trading in forward contracts through the scheme of paired contracts, thereby defying conditions stipulated in the exemption notification granted to it.
Any attempt to properly understand the true scope and purport of must, in our opinion, start with the historical background in which the provision came on the statute book.
Apart from the socio-economic inequalities accentuating the disabilities of the poor in an unequal fight, the adversarial process itself operates to the disadvantage of the weaker party.
The fact that PW-6 had stated that the deceased had come to his clinic unaccompanied by PWs 1, 2, 3 and 4 who in their depositions have claimed otherwise is too significant a contradiction to be ignored.
Intention is a matter of inference and when death is as a result of intentional firing, intention to cause death is patent unless the case falls under any of the exceptions.
As their participation being governed by the second part of IPC, overt act of an individual lost significance.
It is true that the opinion thus expressed by Kania, C.J., in the case of A.K Gopalan [1950 SCR 88] had not received the concurrence of the other learned Judges who heard the said case.
Notwithstanding anything contained in sub-sections (2), (3) and sub- section (4), the period of lease granted before the date of commencement of the Mines and Minerals (Development and , 2015, where mineral is used for captive purpose, shall be extended and be deemed to have been extended up to a period ending on the 31st March, 2030 with effect from the date of expiry of the period of renewal last made or till the completion of renewal period, if any, or a period of fifty years from the date of grant of such lease, whichever is later, subject to the condition that all the terms and conditions of the lease have been complied with.
We have already noted that in the present case, prosecution relied on four dying declarations of the deceased.
Therefore, for development of law, requirement of giving reasons for the decision is of the essence and is virtually a part of “due process .
The samples were collected randomly and analysed from 33 States.
Her husband bolted the door.
Her husband bolted the door.
It was contended that, had the controversy raised in the Second Judges case, been examined in the right perspective, this Court would not have recorded the conclusions expressed therein, by the majority.
At this point, PW5 fainted.
Thus, the main activities of the employment exchanges are registration, placement of job seekers, career counselling, and vocational guidance and collection of employment market information.
The Biodiversity Act which prohibits the “use  of any biological resources occurring in India for commercial utilisation and which includes genes used for improving crops and livestock through genetic intervention necessitates prior permission from the National Bio Diversity Authority which has not been taken by the plaintiffs.
Being highly labour intensive, the light engineering sector generates ample employment opportunities in the economy, especially into the areas where there is an abundant supply of skilled and semi - skilled labour.
A few trigonometric identities have also been covered.
We are concerned with a criminal trial and the foremost consideration in the mind of this Court is that the trial is conducted fairly.
The mere fact that there was no division by metes and bounds on state of ground is no reason to treat it to be a joint right-indivisible in nature to be asserted or vindicated only by all of them joining together in the same proceedings, in one capacity or the other.
Multilingual Computing, Software Technologies, Electronics, RF, VLSI - ASIC and Hardware design of specialized industrial products.
A two-day Conference of Vice Chancellors (VCs) of Central Universities (CUs) of which the President is Visitor concluded on February 7, 2014 at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
He stated that till morning of 18/10/1991 he was on duty in the Burns Ward.
He stated that till morning of 18/10/1991 he was on duty in the Burns Ward.
Where life is at stake the evidence must be scrutinised with especial care.
The Superintendent of Police, Kullu would complete the inquiry and submit a report to this Court within a period of three months herefrom.
That this has to be done at the very earliest, is clear from the scheme of the corporate insolvency resolution process which, as has been stated earlier, cannot exceed the maximum period of 270 days from the date of admission of the financial creditors’ application. .
Revenue Minister passed an order dated 27.2.2004, directing to de-notify the land from acquisition.
She was taken up by PCR Van and brought to GRR.
In response, the petitioner colleges/institutions in time submitted their reply maintaining that almost all the deficiencies pointed out in the inspection carried on 11/12.12.2015 had been rectified and that the deficiencies noted in the subsequent inspection were not the same and further were at best minor in nature.
The attitude of the appellants clearly reflects a callous and insensitive attitude.
The obvious answer again is yes for the reason that the Central Government has been satisfied on relevant material that it is necessary in public interest to ban such drug.
She chose to retain the Medak seat and relinquished the Rae Bareli seat.
The learned Single Judge was right in holding that the promotees could not have been given the benefit of retrospective promotion and seniority from a date when they were not even born in the cadre and not working against the post.
Quite simply, the suggested starting point would have been late to afford real and necessary protection to the accused.  The authors say that a subsequent Government Discussion Paper (1978, (Cmnd 7145, para 14) seemed to take a similar view.
The Regulations framed by it in terms of clauses (e), (f), (g) and (h) of sub-section (1) of are of wide amplitude.
Even an owner of the property may be said to be carrying on a works contract if he enters into an agreement to construct for cash, deferred payment or other valuable consideration.
Gaurav Agrigenetics Ltd., for having violated the said provision.
In this appeal, we have to construe the machinery provisions of those Acts.
It requires that each annual report contain an internal control report.
They referred to a will dated 28.12.1976 executed by their afore-named grand-mother in support of their claim of joint ownership.
The Constitution Bench in Sibbia case clearly observed that it is not necessary to rewrite CrPC.
Other activities that were felt necessary included connecting DDOs, treasuries and various offices, creating and applying bridging software where required and business process reengineering to ensure that paper - less transactions and information sharing becomes possible.
CHT works in the field of Petroleum Refining and Storage, Handling, and transportation of crude oil and Petroleum products and Gas.
Noticeably, he does not deny either the execution of the Will or has not failed to recollect the said event.
If the Court could do so, it would be making out a new case for the prosecution: it would be deciding contrary to the evidence adduced in the case.
Resultantly it became more and more difficult to justify such tax as compensatory tax and such attempts brought excessive strain on the very concept of regulatory and compensatory tax.
In the recent budget, the finance minister announced the government 's commitment to a 90 - day period for approving all foreign investments.
To understand the controversy, it is necessary to have a look at of the Code prior to its amendment by Act 25 of 2005 and amended thereby.
From time to time controversy regarding inter se seniority is raised between persons recruited from, different sources to the same service.
The accused falsely told his family members and later on to his mother-in-law that the bags contained goods of his friend and the same may not be opened.
The non-applicants have not disputed the execution of relinquishment deeds and sale deeds as alleged by the applicants.
A licencee has no rights but to continue at the pleasure of the licensor.
Thus, this Section is applicable in respect of housing projects and not commercial projects.
Not to be easily swayed by the trappings of power, he refused to join the government and instead continued rendering service as a people’s leader.
The true legal position in regard to the essential ingredients of an offence specified by s.149 are not in doubt.
This Court by majority held that a judicial order of a competent court could not violate a fundamental right.
Two features emerge in the matter.
The respondent deny and dispute all allegations, imputations and contentions made in this paragraph which are not borne out by records and those which are contrary to inconsistent with what have been stated above.
To promote this sector and to attract investment in this sector, it recognises tourism and its related activities as an industry.
First, the old rule it made to cease to exist and, next, the new rule is brought into existence in its place.
We do not for the present propose to address the effect of the non-obstante clause at this stage or the interplay between the expression “subject to  appearing in and the non obstante clause in We shall turn to that aspect a little later.
Some bank branches are authorised to establish Small Coin Depots to stock small coins i. e. coins below Rupee one.
Also, PM10 and PM2.5 were reported higher in post- Diwali day compared to pre-Diwali at all stations.
A contract document had to be interpreted in accordance with the language used, with reference to the context in which it came to be prepared.
No investment made after operative period or Scheme, i.e. 31.7.2000 shall be considered as eligible investment.
He said that Shri Loya Sir was having chest pains.
After three decades of delay, the High Court vide judgment dated 14.05.2012, dismissed both the criminal appeals and thereby confirmed the conviction and also the sentence of imprisonment imposed on them.
They had attended upon her, at the behest of her husband Darshan Gupta.
They had attended upon her, at the behest of her husband Darshan Gupta.
India seeks Israel’s participation in its Digital India programme and the building of India’s smart cities and model villages.
Wheezing is a high pitched sound produced while inhaling or exhaling.
On hearing the sound of firing and shouting villagers gathered there and accused fled away.
On hearing the sound of firing and shouting villagers gathered there and accused fled away.
Therefore, the Council is slowly and steadily but comprehensively moving towards intellectual property management and technology transfer in an organized manner.
In our considered view, the test to determine admissibility under the rule of “res gestae  is embodied in words “are so connected with a fact in issue as to form a part of the same transaction .
Our family and the family of Vineet are the respected family of Mohalla and we have business and trade of lakh of rupees.
In the letter, it was also indicated that the matter had been reviewed by the Central Government, in the light of the existing shortage in teaching positions in the Centrally-funded institutions in higher and technical education under the Ministry and, in that context, it had been decided that the age of superannuation of all persons who were holding posts as on 15.3.2007, in any of the Centrally funded higher and technical education under the Ministry, would stand increased from 62 to 65 years.
The label attached to a person born into a scheduled caste or a scheduled tribe continues notwithstanding the marriage.
It is therefore the duty of the government to ensure that only royalty paid minerals are used in the work and the purpose of issuing such circular was to avoid pilferage/leakage of revenue because royalty can be very conveniently evaded by the contractors either by not purchasing the material from the mining leaseholders or obtaining it from unauthorized excavators.
One should resume sexual intercourse only after all signs of discomfort have gone, in any case not before a week.
These industries offers several opportunities for attracting investments and facilitating trade.
Gupta Brothers who were liable to pay the dues, if any, on the said forfeited shares.
Investigation of RC 4(S)/2010/SCB/Mumbai disclosed that the third person who was abducted along with Sohrabuddin and Kausarbi was Tulsiram Prajapati.
Sir, I would explain this.
As beneficiation is a wet process hence, it increases the moisture percentage of beneficiated coal by around 8% to 15%.
The causes of failure have been widely researched and can vary considerably.
The bank is always obliged to honour its guarantee as long as it is an unconditional and irrevocable one.
At this stage, it falls for consideration as to what relief the petitioner is entitled to on the basis of strength of its own case.
Both the Courts have further found that Ansal brother’s control over the day-to-day affairs and the staff employed to look after the cinema management continued even upto the date of the incident.
The repeal of ‘the 1999 Scheme’ was based on financial constraints, which had not been legitimately repudiated.
Vijayasamy, the son of the deceased was also injured in the occurrence.
Justice, social, economic and political; Liberty of thought, expression, belief, faith and worship; Equality of status and of opportunity, and to promote among them all; and Fraternity, assuring the dignity of the individual and the unity and integrity of the Nation.
The conviction of the accused Deodutt alias Jhaua for an offence under / IPC as well as under / IPC is set aside.
Pursuant to the directions given by this court, the State of Karnataka, in consultation with the Chief Justice of the High Court of Karnataka appointed Mr. B.V. Acharya as a Public Prosecutor to conduct the case against the accused persons.
We have taken several decisions on bilateral assistance and the economic package that we have discussed during your visit will, no doubt, take us forward towards our common objectives.
To teach a child to become self sufficient is the art which has to be developed with caution so as not to destroy the fragile confidence by using harsh methods.
It may be mentioned that 3G spectrum is in Frequency Division Duplex (FDD) mode whereas the Broadband Wireless Access (BWA) spectrum as per TRAI recommendations as well as Guidelines issued by DoT is in Time Division Duplex (TDD) mode.
I also wish the CBI every success in their future endeavours.
This is the constitutional responsibility of the State to provide necessary infrastructure and of the High Courts to monitor the functioning of subordinate courts to ensure timely disposal of cases.
The object is to also aid in the preparation of an EMP that would outline measures for improving environmental quality as well as retain the scope for future expansions in a sustainable manner.
Chapter VI of the Act provides for imposition and recovery of rates at ports.
While providing satisfaction to the litigants, it also solves the problem of delay in our system and further contributes towards economic, commercial and financial growth and development of the country.
This is a historic evening; it is a memorable moment.
The second proviso to (1) deals with different situations, enumerated under the three clauses; (i) when buyers and sellers are deemed to be related; (ii) when there is no sale, or buyers and sellers are related or the price is not the sole consideration for sale, etc.
In that view the learned Single Judge had dismissed the writ petitions.
The rest of the cost was borne by the Board and the Government of Andhra Pradesh.
The rest of the cost was borne by the Board and the Government of Andhra Pradesh.
In his deposition before the Trial Court he stated that the deceased was asking the appellant to fix zero watt bulb which the appellant did not fix and gradually a quarrel ensued between his parents.
The reliance is placed upon statement of PW2-Raja who deposed that houses of Mahalingam and Manickam are in the same street, one facing north and the other facing south meaning thereby, facing to each other and they are located half a furlong from each other.
The reliance is placed upon statement of PW2-Raja who deposed that houses of Mahalingam and Manickam are in the same street, one facing north and the other facing south meaning thereby, facing to each other and they are located half a furlong from each other.
It will be noticed from the aforesaid judgment that where an arbitration clause is contained in an agreement or conveyance, different consequences ensue depending on whether the agreement or conveyance is unregistered or unstamped.
As the said matter is pending, we do not consider it necessary to go into the above issue except to state the obvious, namely, that the judgment of the High Court in the said writ appeal as and when passed will naturally take its own effect in accordance with law.
As the said matter is pending, we do not consider it necessary to go into the above issue except to state the obvious, namely, that the judgment of the High Court in the said writ appeal as and when passed will naturally take its own effect in accordance with law.
The history and culture shared by both our countries stand witness to our close ties.
Clause 22(i)(c) envisage only that after completing 20 years of pensionable service, if an incumbent retired at his request in writing and was permitted to retire, he would be entitled to pension.
On the foundation of a robust education system, nations have from times past overcome poverty, social malaise and economic turmoil to push forward their productive frontiers.
For making an appeal to the first Appellate Authority, the applicant has to select the option 'Submit First Appeal' in the RTI Online Portal and fill up the form that will appear.
The Magistrate took cognizance on 31.10.2003 itself and directed issue of process on the same day.
Mother Teresa saw herself as ‘small pencil in the hands of the Lord’ and went about her work quietly, offering smiles and warm human gestures.
Provided that a company shall not be regarded as the operator of a ship which has been chartered out by it on bareboat charter-cum-demise terms or on bareboat charter terms for a period exceeding three years.
Jaspal Kaur11, that the cause of action to be considered for compassionate appointment arose when the earlier Scheme was in force.
The scope of judicial review is limited to the decision making process and not to the decision itself, even if the same appears to be erroneous.
The scope of judicial review is limited to the decision making process and not to the decision itself, even if the same appears to be erroneous.
Foreign participation has been restricted to 26% of the paid up equity capital of an insurance company.
Deposition of Krishnakant Nathuram Birade (PW-96) PW-96 was another labourer present at Dighi Jetty during the landing.
In the result, the appeal is allowed and the impugned judgment passed by the High Court is set aside and the award passed by the Labour Court is restored.
There has been no deliberation on the merits of the case.
However, the subsequent documents show joint possession of the plaintiffs and the defendant.
Whoever, fails to maintain a notice - book which he is required to maintain; or fails to send to the Commissioner a statement which he is required to send; or fails to send a report which he is required to send; or fails to make a return which he is required to make, shall be punishable with fine.
Hence, the Act has served its purpose and the Central Government should repeal this Act.
When grievance of the appellants was accepted in the first writ petition to bring them in parity with the Junior High School teachers, the payment from 1991 cannot be construed to be correct on the facts of this case.
The prayers of the Petitioners if acceded to, in its true effect, amounts to exercising powers of judicial review in determining the validity of religious beliefs and practises, which would be outside the ken of the courts.
A concerted effort to refurbish India will help realize Gandhiji’s dream of aSwachhandSamarth Bharat.
A concerted effort to refurbish India will help realize Gandhiji’s dream of aSwachhandSamarth Bharat.
This test requires that a term can only be implied if it is necessary to give business efficacy to the contract to avoid such a failure of consideration that the parties cannot as reasonable businessmen have intended.
This test requires that a term can only be implied if it is necessary to give business efficacy to the contract to avoid such a failure of consideration that the parties cannot as reasonable businessmen have intended.
This test requires that a term can only be implied if it is necessary to give business efficacy to the contract to avoid such a failure of consideration that the parties cannot as reasonable businessmen have intended.
However, a “Note for speaking to the Minutes  cannot be considered at par with a review application or in a given case, with an application for clarification/modification of an order.
It was urged that that Article is of great importance in as much as the Constituent Assembly was quite explicit that there should be a separation between the executive and the judiciary.
Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) has advised Reserve Bank that banks are accepting Aadhaar letter issued by it as a proof of identity but not of address, for opening accounts.
In the result, the suit succeeds.
Neither majoritarian or societal notions formed the basis to restrict such a fundamental right.
We are, therefore, clearly of the opinion that the order of the CEGAT impugned in this appeal does not contain any error.
The growth potential of the MSME units should not be impeded by lack of access to financial resources.
The magnificent scenic beauty and the architectural splendours of its temples, churches and old houses have made Goa a firm favourite with travellers around the world.
The sexual atmosphere is suffocating.
The crucial consideration is that a woman's right to privacy, dignity and bodily integrity should be respected.
The Hotel was granted sanction for the construction of two floors but despite the rejection of its revised plan, it went ahead and constructed seven floors.
Under such circumstances, the defense taken by the accused is not probable in order to rebut the presumption available to the complainant.
It has been explained as rule of sub-silentio.
The learned ASG submitted that the Juvenile Justice (Care and , 2000, was enacted after years of deliberation and in conformity with international standards as laid down in the U.N. Convention on the Rights of the Child, 1989, the Beijing Rules, 1985, the Havana Rules and other international instruments for securing the best interests of the child with the primary object of social reintegration of child victims and children in conflict with law, without resorting to conventional judicial proceedings which existed for adult criminals.
Out of these, minor work is required to be carried out in 1600 units, possession of which have already been handed over to buyers and some work remains in three other towers, being towers N, O and P, which comprise 319 units.
Therefore, in light of the foregoing discussions, we are of the considered opinion that the activities of the assessee in respect of buying, selling, supplying or distributing goods, executing works contract, transferring the right to use any goods or supplying by way of or as part of any service, any goods directly or otherwise, whether for cash or for deferred payment or for commission, remuneration or other valuable consideration, whether in course of business or not, would fall within the purview of Section 2(viii) of the Act.
However, they need to apply for formal recognition to DEC for the next academic year.
Before coming to the reasons which weighed with the High Court acquitting the respondents, certain developments which took place during the pendency of the appeal filed by the respondents in the High Court need a mention at this stage.
They have not given any explanation as to what they did after witnessing the assault on the deceased.
They have not given any explanation as to what they did after witnessing the assault on the deceased.
Therefore, the evidence has to be appreciated carefully without going into the minor discrepancies and contradictions in the evidence.
Therefore, the evidence has to be appreciated carefully without going into the minor discrepancies and contradictions in the evidence.
This holistic form of participation in all walks of life, therefore, demands more responsibility and obligations requiring observance of moral and ethical values for preserving the basic ethos of this legal profession.
Jhaua was sharing any intention with his father Kallu to kill Jaswant Singh.
We record this statement and order, therefore, that the work now be performed by the Respondent No. 1 at this bid amount.
It is for this reason that we have entertained this SLP directly against the order of a single Judge.
Delusions: bizarre beliefs with no basis in reality (for example delusions of persecution or delusions of grandeur).
In revision against the order of the Collector, the Commissioner vide order dated 17.07.1973 upheld the order of Tahsildar observing that from perusal of SDO’s report dated 21.10.1969 and the order of Tahsildar dated 28.07.1971, the mischief of patwari was proved beyond shadow of doubt.
The applications through proper channel in respect of the eligible teachers are invited from SAUs, CAUs and DUs. The forwarding authority may give  clear cut recommendation highlighting the most significant contributions made by the concerned teacher.
Prima facie, we want to make a note of the existence of the transcripts, inasmuch as, even the prosecution agency, namely, the CBI does not dispute about its existence as well as its authenticity, though its awaits the outcome of the Forensic Report.
In other words, the Selection Committee is not required to compulsorily accept the gradings given in the Annual Confidential Reports as it would amount to merely acting as a post office and the whole process would be nothing but a farce.
The alleged contemnors were found to be playing tricks with this Court.
Technology is a great enabler.
As would be evident from the table, while allowing this figure, the Tribunal did take into account the variety of the crops involved and the extent of their coverage/acreage (which included Kharif Paddy, Perennial Crops, Kharif semi-dry crop, Rabi-semi dry crop).
The learned single Judge while exercising the extraordinary jurisdiction under quashed the criminal proceedings.
Explanation: In this section, ‘accused’ includes a person in relation to whom any proceeding under Chapter VIII has been commenced under this Code.  (ii) Section 327 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 bears the heading: ‘Court to be open’.
The altitude of the park ranges between 3, 250 m and 6, 750 m.
The bar to sponsor or cause to be sponsored, or carry on or cause to be carried on any collective investment activity by a new entrepreneur (-who had not commenced the concerned activities, before 25.1.1995) under Section 12(1B) of the SEBI Act, was not dependent on the framing of the regulations.
Instead of considering whether the appellant was suitable for appointment to the post of male constable, the appointing authority has mechanically held that his selection was irregular and illegal because the appellant had furnished an affidavit stating the facts incorrectly at the time of recruitment.
Thus, the decisions referred by the writ petitioner that on medical grounds, if an employee resigns his job, he is entitled for pension under the Rules, are diagonally opposite to the purport and intention of Rules.
No next friend or guardian for the suit shall, without the leave of the Court, expressly recorded in the proceeding, enter into any agreement or compromise on behalf of a minor with reference to the suit in which he acts as next friend or guardian.
When it is said that something is to be done within the discretion of the authorities, that something is to be done according to the rules of reason and justice and not according to private opinion; according to law and not humour.
We considered the rival contentions.
The Refinery is one of the most technologically advanced and environment friendly refineries in the country.
Accordingly, vide judgment dated 21.12.2000, the relief of consequential benefits was granted after setting aside the order of termination.
Second part of provides that no jurisdiction shall be granted by any Court or Authority in respect of any action taken or to be taken in pursuance of any power conferred by or under the Act.
However, it is plain that the principal beneficiary of the so called fraud would be the policy holder himself or herself.
The insured had contended that the work of digging of well in a field used for agricultural purpose would embrace an activity associated with agriculture for irrigating the field and we have answered the same in the affirmative.
In our opinion, does not satisfy the well-settled tests in the context of and is not capable of severance for the purposes of and (iii).
What is more important is that Maharashtra completed the crop-cutting exercise in October 2015 and passed a Resolution on 20th October, 2015 spelling out the various measures to be undertaken in villages where annewari is less than 50 paise.
This is because the third to seventh defendants, who are said to have benefited by allotment of shares in view of the flow of funds have denied the contention of the plaintiffs.
However, in situation where there has been no gross negligence or deliberate inaction or lack of bonafides this Court has always taken a broad and liberal view so as to advance substantial justice instead of terminating a proceeding on a technical ground like limitation.
Clause (c) of subsection (3) of section 1 of the said Act empowers the Central Government to apply the provisions of the said Act by notification in the Official Gazette to such other establishments or class of establishments in which ten or more employees are employed, or were employed, on any day preceding twelve months.
He consented for the same and one more panch witness was also present in the said room.
On the other hand, when it comes to recruitment of teachers, the method for appointment of teachers is altogether different.
In the present Scheme, an accountability regime has been provided.
In fact, it is relevant to note that the UK abolished the death penalty at a time when the Irish Republican Army, a revolutionary military organisation, was particularly active in the country.
The dead body of Raman was put in a gunny bag and transported by Tata Sumo vehicle.
Receiving a cause or a document and making it presentable to a Judge for the purpose of hearing or trial and many a functions post- decision, which functions are administrative and ministerial in nature, can be and are generally entrusted or made over to be discharged by the staff of the High Court, often by making a provision in the Rules or under the orders of the Chief Justice or by issuing practice directions, and at times, in the absence of rules, by sheer practice.
Talented faculty from abroad have to be hired to inject new thinking and diversity in academic approach.
Ultimately, was enacted by the of 2014 by which this Section was is an important provision, in that under sub-section (2) thereof, interest is leviable in the circumstances mentioned therein.
Everyone has the right to bodily and psychological integrity, which includes the right— (a) to make decisions concerning reproduction; (b) to security in and control over their body; and (c) not to be subjected to medical or scientific experiments without their informed consent.
This Court, while hearing his appeal limited the quantum of punishment to the period already undergone.
Writ petitions were filed by the assessees challenging the vires of Rule 5 of the Rules as unconstitutional as well as ultra vires the provisions of Sections 66 and 67 of Chapter V of the Finance Act, 1994 (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Act’).
Om Prakash Mehta[7] highlights that the 1957 Act and the 1960 Rules are a complete code in respect of the grant and renewal of prospecting licences as well as mining leases in lands belonging to the Government as well as lands belonging to private persons.
The provisos to various fundamental rights were held to be an obvious restriction on the right to privacy.
Next step was to take the possession of the land as per the procedure stated in sub-sections (6) and (7) of Section 28 of the KIAD Act and to pay the compensation as provided under Section 29 of the KIAD Act.
Truly speaking, the imposition of an import duty, by and large, results in a condition which must be fulfilled before the goods can be brought inside the customs barriers i.e. before they form part of the mass of goods within the country.
On the instant score, the further submission of the learned counsel was, that whilst amendment to procedure had generally retrospective effect, an amendment to a provision vesting a substantive right was generally prospective.
Field Publicity came into existence in 1953 with 32 Field Publicity Units under the control of four Regional Offices.
It is indeed a privilege for me to present amidst you in this Sixty-Sixth Indian Chemical Engineering Congress and its inaugural session.
This was done because the territory of Dehradun was on several occasions moved from one jurisdiction to another by various legislative enactments.
Two fired cartridges of 0.315 bore (Ex.-P7) were found near the dead bodies of deceased Ganeshi Bai and Ganga Singh respectively.
Dawood Taklya Mohammed Phanse (A-14) disclosed that appellant (A- 46) told him that his ticket had been booked and he had to leave for Dubai on the same day.
The specific exclusions contained in clauses (a) and (b) of sub-section (3) therefore makes the position clear to the effect that even though such proceedings may fall under the expression “other proceedings  and may be intrinsically connected with a suit in a Court, yet the ban would not operate against such proceedings.
A directory of its officers and employees.
To bring home the guilt of the accused, prosecution has examined PWs 1 to 16 and placed reliance on documents and material objects.
Another significant application of nanotechnology is its potential for tapping clean solar energy.
As indicated earlier, the exclusion of women between the ages of ten and fifty has not been shown to be a uniform practice or tenet.
Zones are demarcated for maintenance but for breakdown there is no bifurcation.
He submitted that identity test was required to be applied which means that after the amendment the amended Constitution loses the identity of the original Constitution.
Mr. Bhushan pointed out that this information was necessary for getting the no-objection from the Cadre Controlling Authority and from the office from where the officer retired.
This would essentially be a mixed question of law and fact that a Writ Court could not possibly decide.
To appreciate the points raised, it is necessary to refer to the basic facts in a brief account.
Pursuant to this amendment grant of mining lease in Andhra Pradesh to non-tribals except public sector undertakings is prohibited in case of mines located in the notified tribal areas.
On 18.4.2013 and 29.4.2013, Director of Health Services required the accounts of hospitals for the purpose of scrutiny for the last two years from the date on which the possession of land was given.
There have been instances where elections have been postponed indefinitely and nominated office bearers or administrators remaining in- charge of these institutions for a long time.
Narasimham and Andhyarujina Committees also suggested enactment of new legislation for securitisation and empowering the banks etc. to take possession of the securities and sell them without intervention of the Court.
State of Bihar and Others,9 in particular, the dictum in paragraph 18 thereof.
According to this opinion, some overlap between Section 141 and 149 I.P.C. and the proposed law is seen.
This would ensure that questions involving vires of statutory provisions or rules would never arise for adjudication before a Single Member Bench or a Bench which does not consist of a judicial member.
This would ensure that questions involving vires of statutory provisions or rules would never arise for adjudication before a Single Member Bench or a Bench which does not consist of a judicial member.
Accordingly, when the sales tax enactment as applicable had provided for single levy on successive sales of yarn, it would have application to sales in the State of Madras or Andhra, as the case may be, and not in the other State or inter-state sales.
Scrutinized thus, the irresistible conclusion would be that the defendants could not have been permitted to lead any evidence when nothing was stated in the pleadings.
We have endeavoured to design a governmental structure for Delhi which we hope, would reconcile these two requirements.
The client engages a lawyer for personal reasons and is at liberty to leave him also, for the same reasons.
Friends, faculty is the bedrock of education.
Toxic metals like cadmium and lead when used in manufacturing of plastic bags also leach out and contaminate the food stuffs.
They are extremely painful and can take a long time to heal.
If it is found that it is not possible to do so by metes and bounds, let the property be sold and proceeds shared accordingly.
Shall avoid conducting business with (a) a relative or (b) a Private Limited Company in which he or his relative is a Member or a Director (c) a Public Limited Company in which he or his relative holds 2% or more shares or voting right and (d) with a firm in which the relative is a partner, except with the prior approval of the Board.
The ‘Very Prestigious Unit’ means a new industrial unit established in any Panchayat Samiti in the State during the operative period of the Scheme and the other important requirement is the investment in such industrial unit must be Rs.100/- crores or more.
She projected that the third person who was abducted along with Sohrabuddin and his wife Kauserbi was one Kalimuddin of Hyderabad in spite of the fact that she had knowledge that the third person was Tulsiram Prajapati as made know to her by her Investigating Officer V.L. Solanki…..
Such land is not to be taken in account either for calculating area of surplus land or for calculating the area of land which a person may retain as falling within the ceiling limit.
Female activists united over issues such as female infanticide, gender bias, women health, and female literacy.
Fill e - Form 23 with the copy of special resolution, explanatory statement and Memorandum and Articles (before and after alteration).
Having regard to the aforesaid, the Court finds that the stand of the District Magistrate, Lakhisarai cannot be faulted as under the , 1959, it is the District Magistrate of the district concerned who has such power.
An ostrich- like attitude is a pity, particularly since the persons affected by a possible drought-like situation usually belong to the most vulnerable sections of society.
He also suggested that a week’s time may be given after the filing of the affidavit for filing objections and subsequently, the Returning Officer must have the right to reject the candidature based on valid evidence.
Section 19 dealt with extent of jurisdiction of Munsif.
The President said that he was happy to receive the first copy of the book ‘Uniki’ authored by Shri Vidyasagar Rao.
In other words, the finding that the accident occurred due to the negligent driving of the driver of the bus belonging to the Transport Corporation has become final.
In the present case, the Competent Authority has not dealt with the matter as was expected in terms of the direction issued by the Court to reconsider the matter after giving opportunity to the petitioners.
It is necessary to consider the correctness of these submissions and the availability of a remedy, if any, to an aggrieved citizen.
It is necessary to consider the correctness of these submissions and the availability of a remedy, if any, to an aggrieved citizen.
Without there being any challenge to the order dated 29.11.2018, the High Court was not right in observing that order dated 29.11.2018 has become redundant.
Having due regard to the test of proportionality which has been propounded in Puttaswamy and as elaborated in this judgment, the decision to link Aadhaar numbers with mobile SIM cards is neither valid nor constitutional.
In addition, after it is established that the death convict is insane and it is duly certified by the competent doctor, undoubtedly, protects him and such person cannot be executed without further clarification from the competent authority about his 14 (2014) 3 SCC 1 mental problems.
While processing and/or approving the proposals under the FC Act in many cases such areas have been treated as non-forest land.
All the judgments relied upon by the learned counsel for the appellant were on the pointed subject of the legitimacy of the child born during the subsistence of a valid marriage.
Hindustan Gas and Industries Ltd. case which, in turn, relied upon the judgment of this Court in MMTC case.
The President of India, Shri Pranab Mukherjee has strongly condemned the terrorist attack in Nice, France.
My batchmates included Gopal Sarkar, Shri Sasthi Kinkar Das, Prof. Amal Mukhopadhyay, Prof. Dwipendu Banerjee, Shri Balaram De, Shri Ganga Charan Mishra, Shri Rajat Kumar Mishra, Shri Angshu Bhusan Bhattacharyya, Sri Sambhu Gopal Das, Sri Jatadhari Malakar and Shri Bimalendu Naskar.
As before any decision on this protest petition, the final report filed by the police had already been accepted, the appellant approached the High Court, which called for the report from the learned Magistrate and finally interfered with the order accepting the final report and directed the Magistrate to consider the same along with the protest petition.
The dates are made known to the public through various media.
During this period, the  Budget comes before the Parliament for its deliberation, voting and approval; the Departmentally related Standing Committees consider the Demands for Grants of Ministries/Departments and report on the same to the Houses of Parliament.
The record of the present enquiry be enclosed with the said complaint.
It is an independent report commissioned by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
Dr. D.Y. Chandrachud delivered opinion on his behalf as well as on behalf of Khehar, CJ., Agrawal, J. and Nazeer, J. Jasti Chelameswar, J., Bobde, J., Sapre, J. and Kaul, J. also delivered concurring, but separate opinions.
Moreover, once this Court holds that the action taken under Section 314 of the Act against the respondents is legal and proper, there is no occasion to issue any mandamus much less the mandamus of the nature issued by the High Court.
Moreover, once this Court holds that the action taken under Section 314 of the Act against the respondents is legal and proper, there is no occasion to issue any mandamus much less the mandamus of the nature issued by the High Court.
It was held in Samsher Singh that in such an event, the decision of the executive is open to judicial scrutiny.
The evidence establishes that the injuries were caused by a fire-arm.
He may have his own score to settle in view of change in management of the company.
It is for the accused to show that the death of the deceased did not result from any cruelty or demand of dowry by the accused persons.
The orders of the High Court in those earlier writ petitions were only against crediting of the arrears of the Dearness Allowance in the respective provident fund account of the employees, wherein, the court directed the Board to pay arrears in cash and restrained the Board from deducting any arrears of the Dearness Allowance and crediting the same into the General Provident Fund account of the workmen.
Heartfelt condolences to families of those bereaved in Uri terrorist attack; prayers for speedy recovery of injured.
Thus, the judgments impugned i.e. of the Tribunal as well as of the High Court are liable to be set aside.
The letter should explicitly state: This has the approval of UGC, AICTE and DEC.
The use of relatively old data thus becomes an unreliable measure for future forecast.
As lawyers they will play the role of taking justice to the people.
In fact, we have further noted that in the three Master Plans of Jaipur, 200 acres of land were shown for infrastructural development for tourism purpose and out of that 100 acres was made a part of the lease deed after extensive research conducted by the Project Development Corporation of Rajasthan which got detailed project report prepared way back in 2001 when the petitioner/appellant was not even in the picture so as to develop the land.
In fact, we have further noted that in the three Master Plans of Jaipur, 200 acres of land were shown for infrastructural development for tourism purpose and out of that 100 acres was made a part of the lease deed after extensive research conducted by the Project Development Corporation of Rajasthan which got detailed project report prepared way back in 2001 when the petitioner/appellant was not even in the picture so as to develop the land.
Great luminaries come to mind – and I pay homage to their dedication to nation building.
There may however be cases where, on account of close proximity of place and time between the event of the accused having been last seen with the deceased and the factum of death, a rational mind may be persuaded to reach an irresistible conclusion that either the accused should explain how and in what circumstances the victim suffered the death or should own the liability for the homicide.
The case of the prosecution is that the deceased was led by Accused No.3 to a catchment area which afforded opportunity for implementation of the scheme of conspirators.
The case of the prosecution is that the deceased was led by Accused No.3 to a catchment area which afforded opportunity for implementation of the scheme of conspirators.
The necessity of recording of reasons also acts as a cushion in the event of a legal challenge being made to the satisfaction reached.
These amendments, inter alia, made the offences dealt with in the cognizable for certain purposes and also made them non-bailable as well as non-compoundable.
It is also BSNL (External website that opens in a new window) ISO 9001 - 2000 certified for quality teaching.
The High Court also found the statements of eyewitnesses to be cogent and trustworthy, therefore concurred with the judgment of the trial Court and dismissed the appeal of the appellant-accused.
Firstly, it is not collected at the checkpost; but is payable by furnishing returns of the purchases from outside the local area or the details of the goods entered into the local area.
Even if technically the time was not of essence, it could not be presumed that delay was of no consequence.
If the conversion is genuine the second marriage can be allowed subject to the bar of equal treatment of the co-wives, which obviously would be impossible in such a case.
Non-regularization of appellant No.2, while giving the benefit of that Circular dated 6.5.1987 to other similar situated employees and regularizing them would, therefore, be clearly discriminatory.
In line with the above discussion, we note that there appear to be no set disorders/disabilities for evaluating the ‘severe mental illness’, however a ‘test of severity’ can be a guiding factor for recognizing those mental illness which qualify for an exemption.
In the result, the appeal is dismissed.
Though the learned counsel for the respondents made sincere attempts on their part in contending that the law laid down in Joginder Singh (supra) and Zabar Singh (supra) has no application to the question involved in these appeals because the facts involved therein are not similar to the facts involved in these appeals, we are afraid, we cannot accept this submission.
For the purposes of this clause, the rent shall be deemed to have been tendered when the same is remitted through money order to the landlord by properly addressing the same;or having been deposited with the Rent Authority;or  22. provides that eviction can be ordered only when the tenant has neither paid nor tendered the rent due from him for four months.
Learned counsel appearing on behalf of the appellant Dinesh submits that the only role ascribed to the appellant Dinesh by the prosecution while relying upon the testimonies of PW5 Dharmender, PW6 Devender Kumar, PW7 Ram Kishore and PW8 Bijender was that the appellant Dinesh was found at the spot armed with katta in his hand who had fired from his katta but PW5 was not hit by the bullets fired from the said katta.
Under the PPA dated 31.03.1997, Naphtha was the primary fuel and gas was an alternate fuel.
In other words, half of the filtrate is allowed to vaporize.
This burden has to be strictly discharged by adducing legal evidence of a definite character which would either directly prove the fact of benami or establish circumstances unerringly and reasonably raising an inference of that fact.
This burden has to be strictly discharged by adducing legal evidence of a definite character which would either directly prove the fact of benami or establish circumstances unerringly and reasonably raising an inference of that fact.
Appellant (A-21) came there at about 1.30 p.m. and on getting the signal, the police party pounced upon him and apprehended him.
A scrutiny of the material facts at hand raises a presumption of ownership in favour of the assessee.
Vagueness in concepts of mental health and illness with lack of definitive signs and symptoms resulting in diagnostic confusion.
Around 3 p.m., he heard a loud explosion due to which the said room was completely damaged and the lift also stopped working.
Let affidavit in opposition be filed within four weeks from date, reply if any within two weeks thereafter.
He overheard accused Manmohan telling accused Suresh that ransom demand be not reduced below rupees twenty five lacs.
Further, all copies of all correspondence to and from Member (s) may be preserved for producing them to the Arbitrators, if required.
In fact, the rule makes it clear that transfer of an agricultural land for non-agricultural purpose is not easy.
In such an eventuality, the High Court would formulate the substantial question(s) of law.
On the other hand, it is the doctor who conducts a post-mortem examination who examines the body from a medico-legal perspective.
Such terms and conditions may include Minimum Export Price (MEP), registration with specified authorities, value addition, quantitative ceilings and compliance with other laws, rules, regulations.
It was further argued that the words used in were 'the free exercise of vote' and not 'exercise of free vote'.
The Court was of the opinion that this should be permitted when the patient is in a Persistent Vegitative State (PVS) and held that it is ultimately for the Court to decide, as parens patriae, as to what is in the best interest of the patient.
If these are treated as disqualified to be selected on the panel of lay Judges, there will be a reasonable assurances that decent respectable common man belonging to the village community will find their place on the panel of lay Judges. It is their participation which is the dominant theme of this Report.
What is worse is the manner in which wholly unfounded aspersions have been cast on the judges of the Bombay High Court following a decision PART D which has been taken in the judicial capacity.
Capacity utilisation has been falling in several industries, indicative of the slack in the economy.
It is respectfully submitted that AICTE has given various public notices in different newspapers regarding its aforesaid policy from time to time as per AICTE Act.
The facts very briefly are that on 30.11.2007 the Board of Control for Cricket in India (for short ‘BCCI’) invited tenders for IPL (Indian Premier League) Media Rights for a period of ten years from 2008 to 2017 on a worldwide basis.
This Court cannot be further unmindful of the fact that the order of 20th April, 2018 has been accepted and acted upon.
Containers: The cooking containers (with cover) are generally made of aluminum or stainless steel.
He submits that delay in passing the order has not been explained.
He submits that delay in passing the order has not been explained.
The second objection raised by the defendant 's counsel is that the affidavit filed on 3. 12. 2005 is in the nature of a replication to the written statement of the defendant.
Due to Acharyaji’s inspiration, thousands of people got registered and de-addicted successfully.
This College always welcomed students from different Christian denominations, as well as different religions and ethnic affiliations.
To reach out effectively to the under-privileged and backward sections of our population, we have to employ simpler methods for them to remember and benefit from.
It is difficult even for senior or experienced doctors to make any prognosis in the case of cancer patients.
The appeals were consolidated and have been heard together.
The above decision is also followed in the case of Western Electronics and Another v. State of Gujarat and others, 1988 2 SCC 568; and in the case of Loharn Steel Industries v. State of Andhra Pradesh; (1997) 2 SCC 37 wherein the impact of exemption on the manufacturer was such that the manufactures outside Andhra Pradesh had to pay a higher rate of tax as compared to the manufacturers in Andhra Pradesh because of the entire tax exemption granted to the all re-rolled steel products sold in the Andhra Pradesh and manufactured out of tax paid raw-material purchased in the State of Andhra Pradesh.
Circumstances deserving special consideration, would ordinarily be unlimited, keeping in mind unlimited variability of human environment.
Since the petitioners could not make the deductions due to the insistence of GNOIDA, a direction is issued to the said authority (GNOIDA) to comply with the provisions of law and make all payments, which would have been otherwise part of the deductions, for the periods, in question, till end of the date of this judgment.
Since the petitioners could not make the deductions due to the insistence of GNOIDA, a direction is issued to the said authority (GNOIDA) to comply with the provisions of law and make all payments, which would have been otherwise part of the deductions, for the periods, in question, till end of the date of this judgment.
We are therefore proposing to allow judgments and legal arguments from cases before the Court of Appeal to be broadcast. 53 Live-streaming of the Court of Appeals’ hearings opened the doors to other courts in the UK for broadcasting.
He was treated by the said Medical Officer and was also prescribed medicines on a slip written by her.
To note the fallacy in the submission, a clear understanding of the said provision is required.
In the context of the relationship between the freedom guaranteed by Part III of the Constitution and the taxing power, it has been the consistent position of this Court that fundamental rights [particularly, the freedom of trade and business under do not confer an immunity from taxation.
Accordingly, even this contention is without substance.
SI Shamsher Singh (PW-14) went to the place of occurrence and made request for postmortem of the remains of the body to Senior Medical Officer, Civil Hospital, Karnal.
SI Shamsher Singh (PW-14) went to the place of occurrence and made request for postmortem of the remains of the body to Senior Medical Officer, Civil Hospital, Karnal.
The Vice-Chancellor shall have power to take disciplinary action against officers, teachers and all employees of the University.
Firstly, as mentioned above, we find marked similarity in the facts of this case and the one involved in Saju P. Paul’s Case (supra).
Pulsating, Alive, On the Move, Vibrant, and Fun - this is Maharashtra.
Indiraji was ready to accept the offer and prepared for a contest, if needed.
I also wish them all success in their endeavours.
Relative diarrhea is defined as an increase in the number of bowel movements per day or an increase in the looseness of stools compared with an individual 's usual bowel habit.
It is also well settled that every attempt must be made to place a harmonious construction on each and every provision of the enactment.
Often we hear complaints about ‘Uncle Judges’.
This Court has always adopted a positive approach and encouraged settlement of matrimonial disputes and discouraged their escalation.
This Court has always adopted a positive approach and encouraged settlement of matrimonial disputes and discouraged their escalation.
The 2nd respondent, Gangappa (since deceased) filed an application before the Special Tahasildar, Land Reforms, Dharwad, contending therein that he had sent an application on 23rd June, 1975 in Form No.7 for registering him as an occupant of the lands belonging to the appellants.
It was stated that there is today no conflict between ‘development’ and ‘safeguarding ecology’; it is a viable concept which has been developed after two decades from Stockholm to Rio; it is a principle which seeks to eradicate poverty and improve the quality of human life while living within the carrying capacity of the supporting ecosystem.
He knew that the arms and ammunitions, RDX and hand grenades, which were smuggled into India at Shekhadi would be used for committing terrorist acts.
He knew that the arms and ammunitions, RDX and hand grenades, which were smuggled into India at Shekhadi would be used for committing terrorist acts.
But if B had invited A to enter, we know that those results would not occur.
Decongestion of Supreme Court and High Courts from civil and criminal appeals.
Prior to the enactment of the the relationship between the landlord and the tenant was governed by the general law, maybe the or any other law in relation to the property.
The mere fact of ignorance cannot be a valid ground.
If judicial independence cannot be held to be compromised in the above situation, it was asserted, that it was difficult to understand how the same could be considered to be compromised in a situation, wherein the NJAC has three out of its six Members, belonging to the judicial fraternity.
The Division Bench affirmed the order of the learned Single Judge.
The High Court quashed the order of resumption passed by the State Government as also the judgment of the Tribunal and held that the exercise of power under the WBEA Act in the instant case was without jurisdiction and that the respondents having held land within the ceiling limit had acquired the status of raiyat with heritable and transferable right and cannot be subjected to Section 14-Z of the West Bengal Land Reforms Act.
He would further explain the term “manufacture” in context of the Act and draw support from the decisions of this Court in, inter alia, Sterling Foods v. State of Karnataka, (1986) 3 SCC 469 and CST v. Pio Food Packers, 1980 Supp SCC 174 and submit that that the essential feature of “manufacturing” is the utilization of original commodity and its transformation into a different commodity wherein the original article stands distinguished from the end product as an entirely different commodity and since the aforesaid is not the case herein, the process of transformation of cotton into surgical cotton would not be a manufacture for the levy of tax under the Act and therefore, the High Court has erroneously dismissed the case of appellants confirming the levy of tax on surgical cotton under the Act.
The learned counsel appearing for the petitioners relied on a judgment reported in Madanuri Sri Rama Chandra Murthy V. Syed Jalal , regarding the procedure for appointment of Survey Commissioners for the purpose of making survey of wakfs in the State and publication of notification of the wakf properties in the official gazette.
According to him, it is important that we lay down that the test be the test of proportion of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes to the population in India at all stages of promotion, and for this purpose, the roster that has been referred to in R.K. Sabharwal v. State of Punjab, (1995) 2 SCC 745 can be utilized.
The Board or, as the case may be, the Generating Company shall, as soon as may be after it has sanctioned any scheme which is not of the nature referred to in section 29, forward the scheme to the Authority and, if required by the Authority so to do, supply to the Authority any information incidental or supplementary to the scheme within such period as may be specified by the Authority.
Every scheme sanctioned under this section shall be published in the Official Gazette and in such local newspapers as the Board or, as the case may be, the Generating Company may consider necessary.
The view of the High. Court on the other hand is that even in a reference which was pending under Section 274(2) on the date when the section stood amended, the Inspecting Assistant Commissioner could not pass any order imposing penalty if the amount of income concealed did not exceed Rs 25,000.
It may be stated at the outset that the general principle is that a law which brings about a change in the forum does not affect pending actions unless intention to the contrary is clearly shown.
One of the modes by which such an intention is shown is by making a provision for change-over of proceedings, from the court or the tribunal where they are pending to the court or the tribunal which under the new law gets jurisdiction to try them.
We are not oblivious of the conclusions recorded by this Court in Commissioner of Income Tax, Orissa v. Dhadi Sahu, 1994 Supp (1) SCC 257, wherein it was held that a law which brings about a change in the 'forum' does not affect pending actions, unless an intention to the contrary is clearly shown.
Since it is the State Government which is the ‘owner of the minerals’ and the minerals that ‘vest’ in it, as held in Amritlal Nathubhai Shah and Others v. Union Government of India and Another, while granting the licence, it can put conditions pertaining to movement and flow of such minerals as well.
Another submission of Mr. Kapur was that power to frame such a rule can be traced to Section 15(1A)(d) of the MMDR Act.
This section empowers the State Government to impose conditions in a mining lease and, therefore, would include the power to impose all such conditions as flown from the ownership of the minerals.
Thus, cinemas have become tools to promote welfare of the people to secure and protect as effectively as it may a social order as per directives of the State policy enjoined under Article 38 of the Constitution.
Mass media, through motion picture has thus become the vehicle of coverage to disseminate cultural heritage, knowledge, etc.
The passage of time made manifest this growing imperative and the consequential need to provide easy access to all sections of the society to seek admission into theatre as per his paying capacity.
It recalled as well its observations in Ram Bihari Yadav v. State of Bihar(1998) 4 SCC 517 that the courts are installed for justice-oriented mission and thus, if a negligent investigation or omissions or lapses due to perfunctory investigation are not effectively rectified, the faith and confidence of the people would be shaken in the law-enforcing agency and also in the institution devised for administration of justice.
Something very relevant in the present context is provided in Section 283, sub‐sections (1) (c), (2) and (3) of the 1925 Act.
In all cases of grant, sub‐section 1 (c) stipulates issue of citations upon all persons claiming to have any interest in the estate of the deceased to come and see the proceedings before the grant of letters of administration.
Sub‐section (2) provides that the citation shall be fixed up in some conspicuous part of the courthouse and also in the office of the Collector of the district and otherwise published or made known in such manner as the Judge or District Delegate issuing the same may direct.
As is evident from Section 107(2), it refers to a category of persons chosen by direct election from the territorial constituencies, in contradistinction to the other category of persons mentioned in Section 107(3), the constituent of the Panchayat Samiti.
If the legislature had intended to exclude the latter category from the process of ‘No Confidence Motion’, it would have expressly limited it to only the elected members [former category ascribable to Section 107(2)] of the Panchayat Samiti, as is done at the stage of election of the chairperson.
Whereas, the provision makes it incumbent that not less than two­thirds of the “total number” of members of the Panchayat Samiti must participate and vote.
This is the legislative intent which cannot be whittled down by some overstretched interpretative process including by relying on the common law principle that only the body of persons, who had elected the Pramukh or Up­ Pramukh, alone can initiate such a process.
That takes us to the question as to who can vote on the ‘No Confidence Motion’. Indubitably, the language of Section 117 of the Regulation envisages that the motion is required to be carried by a majority of not less two­thirds of the “total number” of members of the Panchayat Samiti present and voting.
A similar mandate flows from Rule 9 read with Rule 21 of the Rules. The question is whether the law as enacted in the form of Section 117 of the Regulation, in any way, deviates from the scheme of Part­IX of the Constitution.
Our answer is an emphatic “NO”.
The fact that Article 243C(5)(b) postulates that the chairperson of the Panchayat Samiti at the intermediate level shall be elected by, and from amongst, the elected members thereof, it does not follow that the process of removal of such chairperson should be limited to voting by the elected members.
On conjoint reading of Section 117, Rule 9(3)(b) and also Rule 21 of the Rules, in our opinion, they, in no way, exclude any member of the Panchayat Samiti muchless the members referred to in Section 107(3) of the Regulation.
A similar view was taken by this Court in Sri Ranga Nilayam Ramkrishan Rao v. Kandokari Chellayamma and another, [1950] S.C.R. 806 where it was held that when an appeal is filed against an order refusing to set aside an execution sale under Order 21 Rule 90 of the Code no finality can be attached to the order confirming the sale until the appeal is decided.
In S.V. Ramalingam & others v. K.E. Rajagopalan and other, [1975] 2 M.L.J. Page 494 the question came up directly in connection with the applicability of Order 34 Rule 5 itself which contemplates payment into court "on or before the day fixed or at any time before the confirmation of a sale".
In that case too in pursuance of a final decree passed in this behalf the mortgaged property was sold and the applications made by the mortgagors for setting aside the sale were dismissed and the sale was confirmed and the sale certificate was also engrossed on stamp papers.
The same view was reiterated in almost an identical case by a Bench of the Madras High Court in M. Sevugan Chettiar v. V.A. Narayana Raja, A.I.R. 1984 Madras Page 334.
